
These four categories of symptoms draw a
clear boundary between the normal problems of life and those due to sorcery,
jinn and/or evil eye (‘ayn or nazar).

The common point between these four categories of symptoms
is that they are abnormal, unexplainable in normal life and cannot be solved
with normal means.

Hereunder are the
categories together with an explantion

1.Unusual Blockages in Life:

A
blockage is termed for something which is unusual, systematic, repetitive and occurs
for no actual valid reasons.

Blockages in life refers to no progress in any sphere of
life. It can be personal, professional, etc.

This
can block a person from: getting work, money, married, falling pregnant, progressing
in studies, contests, un-kept promises, and so-called bad luck.

Blockages are unusual, repeated, systematic upto a point where
it becomes predictable over time. One does not believe that these blockages are
independent events or just bad luck, but there is an invisible force stopping
one’s progress.

This is what sorcery is: an invisible force stopping
one’s life to go forward.

وَمِن
شَرِّ النَّفَّاثَاتِ فِي الْعُقَدِ

[ الـفلق:4]

Almighty Allah (Ta’ala) says: “And from the evil of those who blow upon
knots”

(Aayah
4 Surah Al Falaq 113)

Sorcerers attach knots and read satanic incantations on
them to attach one’s life. This can attach a man’s life so he will not get a
job or keep any money, it can attach a woman’s womb so she will not have any
children and it can attach a student’s mind so he will not understand anything
at school. This happens by the permission of Allah of course, as a test on the
believers, because no one has power over anything except Allah ‘Azza wa Jalla.

2.Unusual Health Problems:

Unusual
health issues are when a person is diagnosed with strange diseases medicine cannot
explain.

These
will also be unusual and repetitive until they become systematic, and doctors
will not understand the cause of the problem

This
can affect a person with the like of the following: open wounds which do not
heal, continuous migraines, unexplainable and permanent pain, bruises and
scratches for no reason, joint pains for no reason, sterility and erectile
dysfunction, skin diseases like psoriases or crones.

One will have repeated or continuous pains or strange
diseases that doctors cannot diagnose. They will tell you: “We have never seen
such illness, your case doesn’t much with any known disease, your case is
unique”. Nothing is found inspite of numerous medical tests and examinations. Patient
says they are suffering but the doctors say there is nothing, your body is
completely normal and that it is your brain making up this illness therefore
you should go to a psychiatric and get tablets to reduce your mental activity.

Doctors and specialists might find something wrong but
can’t explain why it is there. Some treatments can reduce the symptoms, but
they cannot solve the problem unless they cut off the ill part of your body.

The clearest example of this is eaten sorcery.

Sorcerers read satanic incantations on water, put some
drops in your food or drink, and when you eat it, the sorcery sticks in your
stomach or intestines like glue and last for a lifetime. The body feels there
is something strange within and attacks it with digestive acids. It’s as if you
feel something itching you and you scratch it until it becomes sour, and you
continue until it bleeds and you still continue. This is how it makes acidity,
diarrhea, bloating, constipation, ulcer, pills, Crohn’s disease and even
cancer.

All these effects are not understood by medicine and
different treatments only reduce the symptoms, without curing it.

Another example is sorcery that has been stepped upon or
walked over (contact sihr).

It causes pain and heaviness in legs, and skin problems
like eczema and psoriasis and sometimes cuts in the legs that don’t heel and
last for years without getting worse or better. This often happens when sorcery
is poured or placed in front of a house or a business. Each time the owner enters
and exits he walks on the sorcery.

Psoriasis is a type of eczema that has absolutely no
explanation in medicine and no cure. It is only due to physical contact with
sorcery, mostly walking over the sorcery or touching the sorcery.

Regarding unusual health issues the Quraan mentions:

ٱلَّذِى يَتَخَبَّطُهُ ٱلشَّيْطَـٰنُ مِنَ ٱلْمَسِّ ۚ

Allah says: “…like the one who is shaken by Shaytaan being
possessed”

(al-Baqara, v:275)

Epilepsy and or possession may arise due to shayaateen
combining with the sorcery.

3.Unusual Mental States:

Unusual
mental states are when the patient feels different emotions for no actual
reason. They cannot understand why they are feeling the negative emotion.

The
person will feel extreme uncontrollable anger or rage, irritation, sadness,
depression, oversight, lack of self-confidence, lack of concentration, memory
loss, hearing or seeing things, which can eventually lead to insanity. The
person may also have extreme fear for no reason or always feel that someone or
something is watching or following them.

Anger, hatred, sadness, depression, fear, phobias, unable
to concentrate, forgetting a lot, doubts, confusion, hearing voices and seeing
things are all symptoms of sihr, it can lead to madness.

The most common example is as in the Quraan:

فَيَتَعَلَّمُونَ مِنْهُمَا مَا يُفَرِّقُونَ بِهِ بَيْنَ
الْمَرْءِ وَزَوْجِهِۚ

Allah says: “…they learnt from them how to separate a man
from his wife”

(al-Baqara, v: 102).

A lady sees blood in her dreams. After conducting a full
diagnosis with her, she was told that sorcery was done on her using her menses
blood. When this is done to a woman, it unusally changes her feelings. When her
husband is far, she loves him and misses him, but as soon as he returns, she
can’t bare him. If he speaks, it makes her nervous, if he touches her, she
can’t bare it. The lady said “That is exactly what is happening to me, that’s
how I feel”.

A couple is doing well and getting along, when all of a
sudden appears anger and hatred for no reason. Another woman said that she has
so many arguments and problems with her husband therefore she wants a divorce. When
asked “Give an example of something you disagree about”. She thought for a long
while and replied: “I can’t find an example”. How can a lady have so many
disagreements and disputes with her husband to the extent that she wants a divorce,
however she can’t say a single thing that is wrong with her husband or mention
a thing that they disagree about?

That is how sorcery affects the mind of a person: like a
magnet taking you away from where you want to go, you don’t understand why you
feel or behave that way.

4.Bad Dreams:

The
person will have dreams of being chased, snakes, cats and dogs, bulls, or
vicious animals, fighting or war, masks or statues, water or drowning, high
places or flying, death or graves, travelling, fire, meat or fish and
persistent sexual dreams. These will also be unusual and recurrent until
they become systematic. The person will sometimes find blue marks or
scratches on the body. Women may even experience being raped in their dreams.

Whatever jinn or sorcery that is with the sorcery appears
naturally in your dreams. Symbols are used by sorcerers, so when sorcerers do
sorcery with a lock to block or stop progress in your life, you see people
chasing you and never catching you, like something permanently behind you and
holding you.

When magicians tie knots and blow on them, the person will
see snakes just like when the sorcerers of Fir‘own (Pharaoh) turned their ropes
and sticks into snakes. When they put sorcery in water, the aim is to make your
life to go like water, especially your money, as if you take water in your
hands and before you can drink, it’s all gone.

When sorcery is placed in a high place like a tree or
mountain, the aim is to make you go round and round in circles, your life
always returning to point zero. When one sees themselves climbing, flying,
falling then sorcery has been done to stop progress in your life and to lift
your mind over reality so one spends their time wondering, imagining, fearing,
doubting and can’t have a pragmatic, constructive thought pattern.

When sorcery is made or placed in a graveyard, it attracts one
to death. One will always be exhausted, waking up tired as if they did not
sleep. One cannot enjoy life or think of the future and sees in dreams people who
are dead, or living people dead, or oneself dead or sees graves and funerals.

When discussing the battle of Badr Allah mentioned:

وَيُذْهِبَ
عَنكُمْ رِجْزَ ٱلشَّيْطَـٰنِ

“And to remove from you the impurity of Shaytaan”

(al-Anfaal, v:11),

Many Sahaabah (radiyAllaahu ‘anhum) had wet dreams and
janaabah before the battle of Badr. Allah informed them that those dreams were
due to Shaytaan wanting them to be in the state of impurity, janaabah for the
battle, however Allah sent a rain to purify them. Therfore unusual sexual
dreams can be due to Shayaateen.