
Diagnosis
is done via an interview with the patient, andNOT via jinn catching, istikhaarah, ilhaam,
divine inspiration, intuition, special gifts, usage of muakkils, throwing of
bones, palm readings, explaining your star signs, horoscopes and the like
thereof. We do not “CHECK” on patients.

Diagnosis
consists of a questionnaire, via which we will be able to separate normal issues
from abnormal issues. The questions have been formulated after studying how
magicians work and the effect that patients feel. We have identified 45 different ways
magic could be done on a person and the symptoms of each one.

The
way the magic was made, and the items used to make the magic, will affect a
person with the qualities of that particular magic. A cause-and-effect system.
The qualities of the items used will be found in the symptoms of the patient.

The advantage of this diagnosis by means
symptoms is multiple.

It is logical and understandable.

Anyone can learn it.

Based on Quraan.

Does not need any secret,
mysterious procedure, information from jinn.

Safe from anything doubtful.

Symptoms
are divided into four categories:

1.Unusual blockages in life

2.Unusual mental states

3.Dreams and nightmares

4.Unusual illnesses and pains in the body

Example:
Magic of the GRAVE

Sorcerers love using symbols related to death.

Magicians may bury the sorcery anywhere in a graveyard or take sand from
the graveyard to do the sorcery or bury the sorcery inside a grave that was dug
in advance, then after a day or two someone will be buried this grave.

Magicians even mix items to increase the effects of their evil works:
for example taking the water used to wash the dead body, they cut a piece of the
Kafan, they put magic inside the Kafan, put it in the mouth of the deceased
person, or may exhume dead bodies and use the bodies, they can even go to the
extent of extracting human parts from bodies, it all comes down to the “Symbol of Death”. This sorcery will
attract the person to death.

Therefore, the patient who was affected with magic of the grave will
experience the symptoms of the 4 categories in the following way:

1.Unusual
blockages in life:

Can’t enjoy
anything in life and can’t think of his future, become reclusive not interested
in relationships.

2.Unusual
mental states:

Feels sadness
& depression for no reason & thinks about death

3.Dreams
and nightmares:

He will see dead
people in his dreams: either the dead people he sees them as alive or living
people he sees them as dead or sees himself dead or graves or funerals.

4.Unusual
illnesses and pains in the body:

He feels tired and
exhausted even after a night’s sleep.

The following
verse is added to the treatment for the patient experiencing this type of sihr
break this type of Sihr: Surah 6 verse 122

أَوَمَن كَانَ مَيْتًا
فَأَحْيَيْنَاهُ وَجَعَلْنَا لَهُ نُورًا يَمْشِي بِهِ فِي النَّاسِ كَمَن
مَّثَلُهُ فِي الظُّلُمَاتِ لَيْسَ بِخَارِجٍ مِّنْهَاۚ كَذَٰلِكَ زُيِّنَ
لِلْكَافِرِينَ مَا كَانُوا يَعْمَلُونَ

And is one who was dead, and We gave him life and made for him light by
which to walk among the people like one who is in darkness, never to emerge
therefrom? Thus, it has been made pleasing to the disbelievers that which they
were doing.

[Al An’am:122]

The verse discusses death and about Allah (Ta’ala) reviving the
dead. The patient recites it with the intention of destroying the magic of
grave done upon him wherever it may be.

There is no need to find out who done it or where the
actual magic is.