
Alhamdulillah, many South African people (and in fact,
people around the world) are beginning to become aware of Ruqyah. Just a few years
ago, it was, to the majority of South Africans, a completely new term.

Nevertheless, the first questions most of our Ruqaa still
receive from first time patients are mostly questions like “What exactly
is Ruqyah?”, “Can you first tell us more about this Ruqyah?” Where does
this Ruqyah come from? etc

When Arab people hear this, they give a shocked response:
“A country like South Africa which has come so far in deen is unaware of
Ruqyah?” “How is it that South African people are unaware regarding one of the
most basic aspects of Islam?”

The reality is we DO
know Ruqyah. We have learnt about it in primary madrasah. Our Ulama have learnt
the Ahadith which speak about Ruqyah in our Darul Ulooms. In fact, most of us
have at some time in our lives practiced Ruqyah!

Shocked? Don’t be!

Have you ever read your “three Quls” and blown on
yourself? Then you have actually performed “Ruqyah” on yourself. If a
parent reads and blows “Ayatul Kursi” for protection of their children,
then it is Ruqyah again!

So, is Ruqyah something new or alien to us? Is it the latest
trend to hit our shores? Is it a new fad or craze? No! it is quite the
opposite! It is really going back to our roots and going back to the way things
were done in the time of our Beloved Nabi (Salallahu Alayhi Wasallam).

So, what exactly is Ruqyah?

Ruqyah means reciting Quraan and (Duas) supplications
transmitted from the Messenger of Allah Ta’ala (Sallalahu Alayhi Wasallam) over
someone, as a means of protection, or over the sick as a means of being cured.
It is an excellent means of cure. Nabi (Sallalahu Alayhi Wasallam) used to
recite over the sick and so did the Sahaabah (Radhiallahu Anhum), may Allah (Ta’ala)
be pleased with them.

Did you know that Jibraeel (Alayhis Salaam) performed
Ruqyah on Nabi (Sallalahu Alayhi Wasallam)?

Abu Sa`id Al-Khudri (Radhiallahu Anhu) reported: Jibraeel (Alayhis
Salaam) came to the Messenger (Sallalahu Alayhi Wasallam) and said: “O
Muhammad! Do you feel sick?” He (Sallalahu Alayhi Wasallam) said, “Yes”. Jibraeel
(Alayhis Salaam) supplicated thus:

بِسْمِ
الله أرْقِيكَ، مِنْ كُلِّ شَيْءٍ يُؤْذِيكَ،مِنْ
شَرِّ كُلِّ نَفْسٍ أَوْ عَيْنِ حَاسِدٍ، اللهُ يَشْفِيكَ، بِسمِ اللهِ أُرقِيكَ

“Bis mil laa hi ar qi ka, min kul li shay in yu’ dhee ka,
min shar ri kul li naf sin aw `ay nin haa sid, Al laa hu yash fee ka, bis mil laa
hi ar qee ka”.

With the Name of Allah. I recite over you (perform Ruqyah
on you) from all that troubles you, and from every harmful mischief and from
the evil of the eyes of an envier. Allah will cure you; and with the Name of
Allah, I recite over you.”

(Sahih Muslim 2186; Sunan At-Tirmidhi 972)

In fact, in the time of Nabi (Sallalahu Alayhi Wasallam) whenever
someone had any problem, whether a problem of Jinn or sickness, or even being
bitten by a snake, the first thing they would do was to recite Quraan on them.
Look at this beautiful Hadith about the Sahaabah (Radhiallahu Anhum) performing
Ruqyah:

Abu Saeed Al-Khudri (Radhiallahu Anhu) narrated: “Some
of the Sahaabah (Radhiallahuanhum) (companions) of Nabi Muhammad (Sallalahu
Alayhi Wasallam) went on a journey till they reached some of the Arab tribes
(at night). They asked the tribe to treat them as their guests, but they
refused. The chief of that tribe was then bitten by a snake (or stung by a
scorpion) and they tried their best to cure him but in vain. Some of them said
(to the others), ‘Nothing has benefited him, will you go to the people who
resided here at night, it may be that some of them might have something (as
treatment).’

They went to the group of Sahaabah (Radhiallahu An hum) (companions
of Nabi Muhammad (Sallalahu Alayhi Wasallam) and said, “Our chief has been
bitten by a snake (or stung by a scorpion) and we have tried everything, but he
has not benefited. Have you got anything (useful)? “One of them replied,
‘Yes, by Allah! I can recite a Ruqyah, but as you have refused to accept us as
your guests, I will not recite the prayer for you unless you fix some wages for
it.’

They agreed to pay them a flock of sheep. One of them then
recited Surah Al-Faatihah and blew over the chief who became right as if he was
released from a chain, and got up and started walking, showing no signs of
sickness. They paid them what they agreed to pay.

Some of them (i.e., the Sahaabah (Radhiallahu Anhum) then
suggested dividing their earnings among themselves, but the one who performed
the recitation said, ‘Do not divide them till we go to Nabi Muhammad (Sallalahu
Alayhi Wasallam) and tell the whole story to him and wait for his order.’ So,
they went to Allah’s Messenger (Sallalahu Alayhi Wasallam) and narrated the
story, Allah’s Messenger (Sallalahu Alayhi Wasallam) asked: “How did you come
to know that Surah Al­-Fatihah could be recited as a Ruqyah?” Then he (Sallalahu
Alayhi Wasallam) added: “You have done the right thing. Divide (what you have
earned) and assign a share for me as well.”

(Tirmidhi)

Yes, it is that simple, that’s what Ruqyah
is:  Reading Quraan and Duas over people
with the Niyyah (intention) of shifaa (cure).

But is it effective, you ask? Can my 20-year-old Jinn and Jadu
problem which is so bad, that I have seen 40 moulanas for it, be cured that
easily? Yes! Of course, you need a trained Raaqi (Ruqyah practitioner) to help
you diagnose your problem first, you need to know which Ayaat (verses) to read for
your particular problem, how to read it, how often to read, how many times to
read, when to read etc. but simply speaking, yes, there is no case which is too
big for the Quraan and Sunnah.

For sorcery (black magic, jadu) specifically, the remedy IS the Quraan. Since sorcery is made with
satanic words, it is repelled and cancelled by Quraan, which is the Words of
Allah (Ta’ala).

وَنُنَزِّلُ
مِنَ الْقُرْآنِ مَا هُوَ شِفَاءٌ وَرَحْمَةٌ لِّلْمُؤْمِنِينَ وَلَا يَزِيدُ
الظَّالِمِينَ إِلَّا خَسَارًا

 الإسراء:82

Almighty Allah (Ta’ala) says: “And
We sent down in the Quraan such things that have healing and mercy for the
believers.”

(Ayah 82 Surah Al-Isra 82)

لَوْ
أَنْزَلْنَا هَٰذَا الْقُرْآنَ عَلَىٰ جَبَلٍ لَّرَأَيْتَهُ خَاشِعًا
مُّتَصَدِّعًا مِّنْ خَشْيَةِ اللّٰهِ وَتِلْكَ الْأَمْثَالُ نَضْرِبُهَا
لِلنَّاسِ لَعَلَّهُمْ يَتَفَكَّرُوْنَ

الـحـشـر:21

Almighty Allah (Ta’ala) says: “If We had sent down
this Quraan upon a mountain, you would have seen it (the mountain) humbled and
coming apart from the fear of Allah. And these examples We present to the
people that perhaps they will give thought.”

(Aayah 21 Surah Al Hashr)

Aisha (Radiallahu Anha) narrated: “Whenever Allah’s Nabi
(Sallalahu Alayhi Wasallam) became sick, he would recite Surah Al-Falaq and
Surah An-Nas and then blow his breath over his blessed body. When he became
seriously ill, I used to recite (these two Surahs) and rub his hands over his
body for its blessings.” (Sahih Al-Bukhari 5016)

Suratul-Fatihah, the opening surah of the Quraan, is also
recommended as a cure for sicknesses and diseases.

Allah’s Messenger (Sallalahu Alayhi Wasallam) said,
“Fatihatul Kitab (Surah al Faatiha) contains healing for every
disease.” (Tirmidhi)

Aisha (RadHiallahu Anha) narrated that Nabi (Sal lal laah u
Alayhi Wa sal lam), used the following Dua when family members were sick:

اللَّهُمَّ
رَبَّ النَّاسِ أَذْهِبْ الْبَاسَ اشْفِهِ وَأَنْتَ الشَّافِيلَا شِفَاءَ إِلَّا شِفَاؤُكَ شِفَاءً لَا يُغَادِرُ سَقَمًا

“Al laa hum ma Rab ban naas, adh hi bil ba’ sa, wash fi,
An tash Sha fee, laa shi faa a, il laa shi faa u ka, shi faa an laa yu ghaa di ru
sa qa maa.”

“O Allah, Sustainer of mankind! Remove this disease and
cure him. You are the Great Curer, there is no cure but through You that leaves
behind no disease.”

(Bukhari and Muslim)

It was narrated that Ubaid bin Rifa’ah Az-Zuraqi said: Asma
(bintUmaish) (Radiallahu Anha) said, “O Allah’s Messenger! The children of
Ja’far have been afflicted by the evil eye, shall I recite Ruqyah for them?” He
(Sallalahu Alayhi Wasallam) said, “Yes, for if anything were to overtake the
Divine Decree, it would be the evil eye.”

(Sunan Ibn Majah and Jami’ At-Tirmidhi)

Nabi (Sallalahu Alayhi Wasallam) told Amr ibnul Aas (Radhiallahu
Anhu), “Place your hand where you feel pain and say ‘Bismillah’ three
times, and then repeat seven times

أَعُوذُ
بِاللَّهِ وَقُدْرَتِهِ مِنْ شَرِّ مَا أَجِدُ وَأُحَاذِرُ ‏

A ‘ou dhu bil laa hi wa qud ra ti
hi min shar ri maa a ji du wa u haa dhi ru

“I seek refuge with Allah and with His Power from the evil
that afflicts me and that which I apprehend.”

(Muslim)

Alhamdulillah, it is clear from the Hadith that Ruqyah was
the way practised and recommended by our Nabi (Sallalahu Alayhi Wasallam) and
as such, there can be no greater motivation for us to practise Ruqyah. It is
Sunnah, simple, effective and really the only way you should be treating
yourself if you have a magic (Jadu), Jinn or evil-eye (Nazr) problem.

Ruqyah is commonly translated in English as
“incantation” which carries a negative meaning, since the word
incantation is usually associated with magic, spells, and witchcraft. However,
Ruqyah in Islam is the recitation of Quraan (Tilaawat), seeking of refuge
(Ta’wuz), remembrance (Zikr) and supplications (Duas) that are used as a means
of treating sicknesses and other problems.

The difference between magic and Ruqyah is the condition laid
down in the following Hadith:

عَنْ عَوْفِ بْنِ مَالِكٍ الْأَشْجَعِيِّ، قَالَ: كُنَّا
نَرْقِي فِي الْجَاهِلِيَّةِ فَقُلْنَا يَا رَسُولَ اللهِ كَيْفَ تَرَى فِي ذَلِكَ
فَقَالَ: اعْرِضُوا
عَلَيَّ رُقَاكُمْ،

 لَا
بَأْسَ بِالرُّقَى مَا لَمْ يَكُنْ فِيهِ شِرْكٌ

أخرجمسلم في صحيحه (2200)

Nabi (Sallalahu Alayhi Wasallam) said: “There is nothing
wrong with Ruqyah that does not involve shirk.”

(Sahih Muslim 4079)

Shirk is the factor which will determine whether the treatment
being done is permitted or not.

Therefore, it is imperative that we are aware of what we
are doing and to verify if it is permitted in Sharia, to save ourselves from
falling into shirk unknowingly.