
Hijama is a Sunnah
and was used in Ruqyah before.

Patients who suffer from sihr / jinn
possession are highly recommended to have Hijama/
cupping. It is very beneficial for anyone with health problems but it’s also a
great help for people who have problems with jinn / sihr too.

Ibn Al-Qayyim (may Allah have mercy on
him) mentions that the Messenger (Salallahu Alayhi Wasallam) was afflicted with
magic and was cupped on the head to treat it. He also mentions that Hijama is from the best of cures for magic if performed correctly.

[Zaad al Ma’aad4/125-126].

Hijama (wet cupping) is extremely beneficial in Ruqyah treatment.
Hijama allows the effect of the Ruqyah recitations to be multiplied as in
comparison with recitations alone. This is because the incisions made on the
body of the patient during the Hijama, creates openings which give direct
access to the body of the patient. The noor of the Quran easily penetrates the
body and the cupping creates a vacuuming effect, sucking jinn, sihr, evil eye,
etc. out of the body.

Important:It
is important that anyone who is suffering with Sihr/jinn possession has Hijamah done by a qualified Hijama Therapist who understands
Sihr (magic) and Jinn possession and knows how to perform Hijama and Ruqyah on
patients with sihr/jinn possession. Also, if you are suffering from sihr/jinn
possession, please inform the Hijama Therapist when making appointment.

It was narrated that ‘Aisha (Radhiallahu Anha) said ”A
spell was put on the Prophet Muhammad (Salallahu Alayhi Wasallam) until he imagined that he had done a thing when he
had not done it. One day he made du’a then he said: “Do you know that Allah has
shown me in what lies my cure? Two men came to me and one of them sat at my
head and the other at my feet. One of them said to the other, ‘What is ailing
the man?’ He said: ‘He has been bewitched.’ He said: “Who has bewitched him?’
He said: ‘Labeed ibn al-A’sam.’ He said, ‘With what?’ He said: ‘With a comb,
the hair that is stuck to it, and the skin of pollen of a male date palm. He
said: ‘Where is it?’ He said, ‘In the well of Dharwaan.’” The Prophet Muhammad (Salallahu
Alayhi Wasallam) went out to the well, then he came
back and said to ‘Aisha (Radhiallahu Anha) when he came back: “Its date
palms are like the heads of devils.” I said: “Did you take it out?” He said:
“No. Allah has cured me, and I fear that that might bring evil upon the
people.”

There are some Hadith that mentions days not recommended for cupping, but
for Ruqyah you can do Hijama at anytime because the person is in difficulty and
the situation is getting worse, so in Ruqyah, the aim is the eradication of
sorcery and Jinn and therefore it is valid to do it anytime.

Hijama Verses
(Quraan)

Specific verses have been taken from Quran for Ruqyah recitation. These
verses must be read with the intention to destroy all Sihr and remove or burn
Jinn.

Your intention will be that the words of Allah must destroy the Sihr.
While the cups of Hijama are on the patient, the Raaqi will recite verses of
Quran. This should take only about 20 minutes, maximum. The patient closes
their eyes and concentrates on the words of Allah (Ta’ala) and makes an
intention asking Allah (Ta’ala) to grant cure from all ailments and to break
the Sihr and remove Jinn.