
DEFINITION:

Jinn or Djinn are mentioned frequently in the Quraan and
other Islamic texts (the 72nd Surah is titled Sūrah al-Jinn).

They inhabit an unseen world in dimensions beyond the
visible universe of humans. The Quraan says that the jinn are made of a
smokeless and “scorching fire”, but are also physical in nature, having
the ablity to interact physically with people.

The jinn, humans and angels are the three well known
creations of Allah(Ta’ala).
Like human beings, the jinn can be good, evil, or neutrally benevolent and
hence have free will like humans and are unlike angels.

The Quraan
also mentions that Muhammad (Sallalahu Alayhi Wasallam) was sent as a Nabi to
both “humanity and the jinn”, and that Ambiyaa and Messengers were
sent to both communities.

They are usually invisible to humans, but humans do appear
clearly to jinn. Jinn have the power to travel large distances at extreme
speeds and are thought to live mainly in remote areas, mountains, seas, trees,
and the air, in their own communities. Like humans, jinn will also be judged on
the Day of Judgement and will be sent to Paradise or Hell according to their deeds.

PROOFS FROM THE SHARIAH:

Proof from Quraan-

وَلَقَدْ
خَلَقْنَا الْإِنسَانَ مِن صَلْصَالٍ مِّنْ حَمَإٍ مَّسْنُونٍ وَالْجَانَّ
خَلَقْنَاهُ مِن قَبْلُ مِن نَّارِ السَّمُومِ

[ الحجر:26-27]

Almighty Allah (Ta’ala) says: “And verily, We
created mankind from the sounding clay of altered mud and the jinn We created
before from the smokeless fire”

(Aayah 26 – 27 Surah Al-Hijr 15)

يَابَنِي
آدَمَ لَا يَفْتِنَنَّكُمُ الشَّيْطَانُ كَمَا أَخْرَجَ أَبَوَيْكُم مِّنَ
الْجَنَّةِ يَنزِعُ عَنْهُمَا لِبَاسَهُمَا لِيُرِيَهُمَاسَوْآتِهِمَاۗ إِنَّهُ يَرَاكُمْ هُوَ وَقَبِيلُهُ مِنْ حَيْثُ لَا
تَرَوْنَهُمْۗ إِنَّا جَعَلْنَا الشَّيَاطِينَ أَوْلِيَاءَ لِلَّذِينَ لَا
يُؤْمِنُونَ

[ الأعراف:27-27]

Almighty Allah (Ta’ala) says: “O children of Adam,
let not Satan tempt you as he removed your parents from Paradise, stripping
them of their clothing to show them their private parts. Indeed, he sees you, him
and his tribe, from where you do not see them. Indeed, We have made the devils
allies to those who do not believe.”

(Aayah 27 Surah Al-‘A`rāf 7)

Proof from Hadith-

Ya’la Ibn Murah (Radhiallahu Anhu) says: “I saw
Allah’s Messenger (Sallalahu Alayhi Wasallam) do three things which no one
before or after me saw. I went with him on a trip. On the way, we passed by a
woman sitting at the roadside with a young boy. She called out, ‘O Messenger of
Allah, this boy is afflicted with a trial, and from him we have also been
afflicted with a trial. I don’t know how many times per day he is seized by
fits.’ He (Sallalahu Alayhi Wasallam) said: ‘Give him to me.’ She lifted him up
to the Nabi (Sallalahu Alayhi Wasallam).

He (Sallalahu Alayhi Wasallam) then placed the boy between
himself and the middle of the saddle, opened the boy’s mouth and blew in it
three times, saying, ‘In the name of Allah, I am the slave of Allah, get out,
enemy of Allah!’

Then he (Sallalahu Alayhi Wasallam) gave the boy back to
her and said: ‘Meet us on our return at this same place and inform us how he
has fared.’ We then went. On our return, we found her in the same place with
three sheep. When he said to her, ‘How has your son fared?’ She replied: ‘By
the one who sent you with the truth, we have not detected anything (unusual) in
his behavior up to this time.'”

(Musnad Ahmad and al-Haakim: Sahih)

The authentic narration above describes how Allah’s
Messenger (Sallalahu Alayhi Wasallam) commanded the Jinn possessing the boy, to
leave.

The Messenger of Allah (Ta’ala) is reported to have said: “Iblees
has placed his throne above the water (sea) and then he sends his detachments.
The closest of them to him are those who cause the greatest trial. One of them
comes back to him and says: I did such and such. Shaytaan replies: You have not
done anything. Then another comes to him and says: I did not leave him alone
until I caused division between him and his wife.” He (Sallalahu Alayhi
Wasallam) said: “So Shaytaan brings him closer to himself and says: You
did well”.

(Sahih Muslim)

The Jinn can cause mental disturbance via Waswasaa
(whispering). They will continue to speak to you in matters of faith and
relationships and this will be targeted to that particular person. They will
address their areas of weakness and will target them to fall into sin.

Below are some points about what Jinn can do:

Possess humans.

Have sexual intercourse with humans.

Cause disturbance via. Electronic devices.

Come to you in different shapes and forms.

Influence your relationships.

SYMPTOMS OF JINN PRESENCE OR
POSSESSION

Bad dreams about aggressive animals such
as being chased by snakes, scorpions, dogs, etc.

A feeling of falling when falling asleep.

Feeling lazy for ibadah (worship), you
might even probably stop doing ibadah (worship).

Feeling distant from your family.

Being scared for no reason.

Panic attacks.

Burning under the feet.

Feeling a presence with you in the room,
or like you are being watched.

See fast moving black shadows from the
corner of your eye.

Sleep paralysis.

Person is unable to stand Quraan
recitation or feels very anxious when reading Quraan.

Fainting or seizures when Quraan is read.