
Definition

The evil eye is defined
as a sickness or misfortune transmitted, usually with or without intention, by
someone who is envious, jealous, and covetous from among man or jinn. It affects
children, adults, livestock, vehicles, property, businesses, and any kind of
materialistic items.

PROOFS FROM THE SHARIAH

Proof
from Quraan

وَإِن
يَكَادُ الَّذِينَ كَفَرُوا لَيُزْلِقُونَكَ بِأَبْصَارِهِمْ لَمَّا سَمِعُوا
الذِّكْرَ وَيَقُولُونَ إِنَّهُ لَمَجْنُونٌ

[الـقـلـم:51]

Almighty Allah (Ta’ala) says: “And verily, those who disbelieve would almost make
you slip with their eyes…”

(Aayah
51, Surah Al-Qalam, 68)

وَمِن
شَرِّ حَاسِدٍ إِذَا حَسَدَ

[الـفلق: 5]

Almighty Allah (Ta’ala) says:“And from the evil of the envier
when he envied.”

(Aayah
5 Surah Al Falaq 113)

Proof
from Hadith

وَحَدَّثَنَا
عَبْدُ اللَّهِ بْنُ عَبْدِ الرَّحْمَنِ الدَّارِمِيُّ، وَحَجَّاجُ بْنُ
الشَّاعِرِ، وَأَحْمَدُ بْنُ خِرَاشٍ، قَالَ عَبْدُ اللَّهِ أَخْبَرَنَا وَقَالَ
الآخَرَانِ، حَدَّثَنَا مُسْلِمُ بْنُ إِبْرَاهِيمَ، قَالَ حَدَّثَنَا وُهَيْبٌ،
عَنِ ابْنِ، طَاوُسٍ عَنْ أَبِيهِ، عَنِ ابْنِ عَبَّاسٍ، عَنِ النَّبِيِّ صلى الله
عليه وسلم قَالَ: “‏ الْعَيْنُ حَقٌّ وَلَوْ كَانَ شَىْءٌ سَابَقَ الْقَدَرَ
سَبَقَتْهُ الْعَيْنُ وَإِذَا اسْتُغْسِلْتُمْ فَاغْسِلُوا ‏“

Narrated by Abdullah
ibn Abbas (Radhiallahu Anhu):
Allah’s Messenger (Sallalahu Alayhi Wasallam) said: ‘The influence of an ‘evil
eye’ is real; if anything would precede the destiny it would be the influence
of an ‘evil eye.”

(Sahih Muslim Hadith
5427)

Narrated
by Jabir bin Abdullah (Radhiallahu Anhu): “Evil-eye is true. It could put a camel in the
cooking pot and a man in the grave.”

(Kashfu’l-Khafa, 2: 76,
narrated Abu Naim)

We are advised to
recite ‘Masha Allah’, to prevent the casting-out of an evil eye, therefore one
should say ‘Masha Allah’ when praising or looking at anyone or anything with
excitement.

SYMPTOMS OF EVIL EYE/NAZR

Below is a
list of some of the signs of the effects of the evil eye. Please note that with all
three inflictions (the evil eye, black magic, and jinn), the list of symptoms
provided in this treatise are not exhaustive.

Important:

These
symptoms could be caused by other means. It is meant only as general information
for educational purposes. For an accurate and comprehensive diagnosis please
see a trained professional.

The following are some symptoms we can look
out for.

Changing of the colour of the face. The faces of people will go dark, some pale, or a
yellow pallor.

Difficulty
sleeping at night and feeling sleepy during the day. Sweating
while sleeping from the
forehead, back, hands and feet.

Feeling of
boredom, hopelessness, carelessness, listlessness, and or apathy.

Frequent urination although
you are not diabetic.

Feeling partially or completely uninspired, aspirations
feel out of reach for ambitions you have.

You feel as
though you are inadequate.

You always
procrastinate in trying.

No zest or
zeal for life.

No desire or will to do things you enjoyed.

Inability to excel at what you were good at.

Headaches that move from one part of the head to another.

Loss of appetite.

Abnormal heat or cold in the limbs.

Palpitations of the heart.

Pain in the lower back and shoulders.

Unexplainable sadness and anxiety.

Strong reactions due to abnormal fears.

Withdrawal and love of solitude.