
MAGIC AND SORCERY

By definition, magic is the power of apparently influencing
events through mysterious or supernatural forces. Another meaning of magic is
defined as the art of using spells, charms, and rituals to control supernatural
forces, or the art of performing tricks and illusions. Sorcery is the use of an
evil supernatural power to control or influence people and their affairs or the
natural world; by means of magic.

The use of magic is forbidden in Islam.

كَذَٰلِكَ مَا أَتَى الَّذِينَ مِن
قَبْلِهِم مِّن رَّسُولٍ إِلَّا قَالُوا سَاحِرٌ أَوْ مَجْنُونٌ

[الذاريات:52]

Allah (Ta’ala)
says: “Consistently, when a messenger went to the previous generations, they
said, “Magician,” or, “Crazy.”

Man
have always known about the phenomenon of sorcery and possession by Jinn
(spirits).

 It is only those who are influenced by modern
materialism who reject it, in the name of science, trying to explain it all
through psychology or dismiss it as superstitions.

It is
rather surprising to see that some Imams and scholars deny the reality of these
phenomena despite it being verified Divinely.

Allah
(Ta’ala) clearly assesses the veracity of its effect:

وَمَا يُعَلِّمَانِ مِنْ أَحَدٍ
حَتَّىٰ يَقُولَا إِنَّمَا نَحْنُ فِتْنَةٌ فَلَا تَكْفُرْۖ فَيَتَعَلَّمُونَ
مِنْهُمَا مَا يُفَرِّقُونَ بِهِ بَيْنَ الْمَرْءِ وَزَوْجِهِۚ وَمَا هُم
بِضَارِّينَ بِهِ مِنْ أَحَدٍ إِلَّا بِإِذْنِ اللَّهِۚ[البقرة:102]

“These
two did not divulge such knowledge. Without pointing out: “This is a test. You
shall not abuse such knowledge.” But the people used it in such evil schemes as
the breaking up of marriages. They can never harm anyone against the will of
Allah.”

We
also know that the Nabi (Sallalahu Alayhi Wasallam) was a victim of Sihr and
fell sick until Allah (Ta’ala) sent Angels to inform Him that he has been
charmed with hair and knots which had been placed under a stone in a dry well
that was used as a toilet. He (Sallalahu Alayhi Wasallam) then had to send
companions to fetch it and the knots opened by the recitation of the two Surahs
of protection, viz. Surah Falaq and Surah Naas. Nabi (Sallalahu Alayhi
Wasallam’s) health recovered after that.

Sorcery is therefore a reality.