
Olive Oil in the Quraan

The Olive and
its tree have been mentioned seven times in the Quraan.

Allah has taken
an oath on the olive:

وَالتِّينِ
وَالزَّيْتُونِ

[ الـتين: 1]

By the fig and the olive [At Tin:1]

Powerfully, another verse
highlights the luminescent property of olive oil:

اللَّهُ نُورُ السَّمَاوَاتِ وَالْأَرْضِۚ مَثَلُ نُورِهِ
كَمِشْكَاةٍ فِيهَا مِصْبَاحٌۖ الْمِصْبَاحُ فِي زُجَاجَةٍۖ الزُّجَاجَةُ
كَأَنَّهَا كَوْكَبٌ دُرِّيٌّ يُوقَدُ مِن شَجَرَةٍ
مُّبَارَكَةٍ زَيْتُونَةٍ
لَّا شَرْقِيَّةٍ وَلَا غَرْبِيَّةٍ يَكَادُ زَيْتُهَا يُضِيءُ وَلَوْ لَمْ
تَمْسَسْهُ نَارٌۚ نُّورٌ عَلَىٰنُورٍۗ يَهْدِي اللَّهُ لِنُورِهِ مَن يَشَاءُۚ
وَيَضْرِبُ اللَّهُ الْأَمْثَالَ لِلنَّاسِۗ وَاللَّهُ بِكُلِّ شَيْءٍ عَلِيمٌ

[
النّور:35]

Allah is the
Light of the heavens and the earth. The example of His light is like a niche
within which is a lamp, the lamp is within glass, the glass as if it were a
pearly [white] star lit from [the oil of] a
blessed olive tree, neither of the east nor of the west, whose
oil would almost glow even if untouched by fire. Light upon light. Allah guides
to His light whom He wills. And Allah presents examples for the people, and
Allah is Knowing of all things.  [An
Nur:35]

Benefits
of the olive plant and it’s oil

وَشَجَرَةً
تَخْرُجُ مِن طُورِ سَيْنَاءَ تَنبُتُ بِالدُّهْنِ وَصِبْغٍ لِّلْآكِلِينَ

[ المؤمنون:20]

20.  And [We brought forth] a tree issuing from
Mount Sinai which produces oil and food for those who eat.

[Al Mu”minun:20]

Olive Oil in the Hadith

There is a great
significance of olives and its oil in Ahaadith.

The noble
Prophet (Sallalahu
Alayhi Wasallam) said: “Eat olive
oil and use it on your hair and skin, for it comes from a blessed tree.”

(Tirmidhi 1775)

In another
narration the Holy Prophet (Sallalahu Alayhi Wasallam) is reported to have said: “Take oil of olive and
massage with it – it is a blessed tree”

(Darimi 69:
103)

It
is Sunnah to massage the body with olive oil.

The righteous
would recite Ayatul Kursi 70 times over it with intentions that whenever they
apply the olive oil onto their bodies the shayaateen would not be able to
penetrate them.