
Step 4:

Take out 1.5 to 2 litres of Quraanic water
from your 20 litres, warm it and take it with you into the bathroom. Have a
normal shower first. Thereafter have your Quraanic Water Bath as follows:

The method of bathing (from here on all
steps will be using the Quraanic water):

4.1.

Start by making niyyah (intention) to
perform Ghusl and to cleanse yourself of sin, illness, sihr, ayn (evil eye or
nazar) and jinn. This does not have to be a verbal intention.

4.2.

Wash both the hands up to and including
the wrists.

4.3.

Gargle your mouth with Quraan water and
put it into both nostrils.

4.4.

Wet every part of the body and ensure that
no hair or part of the body is left dry. (It is not disrespectful to use Quraan
water on the private parts, as it is for treatment purposes. Many times, these
areas are affected, example, Cases where people cannot have children or where
people are sexually assaulted by jinn, or painful periods etc.)

NOTE:

It is not necessary to make whudhu after
ghusl before making Ibadat (Salaah, Quraan etc.). It is best to try and collect
the Quraanic water you have used, and to pour it outside in a clean place. For
example, you can stand in a big dish or bathtub and soak the water with a towel
then hang the towel outside to dry. That completes your Quraanic bath.

Step 5:

After completing your Quraanic bath apply
your olive oil to your hair and body. Apply oil to the entire body, targeting
and concentrating areas where you feel pain or other symptoms (pins and needles,
burning, etc.) Whilst massaging the oil recite Surah Faatihah seven times, in your
mind, on those parts of the body experiencing symptoms.

Step 6:

Wear some type of a loose-fitting dress
(kaftan/abaya etc.) with nothing else underneath, no undergarments. Light an
incense stick and place it on the floor in some type of a holder. Stand over
the incense stick and smoke yourself for three to five minutes. After three to
five minutes, you can switch off the incense and reuse the remainder the next
day.

Step 7:

If possible, perform two Rakaats of Nafl
Salaah, if it is after Esha, you can make intention for Tahajjud (it is not
necessary to have slept first). Then make dua asking Allah (Ta’ala) for shifaa.

Steps 4 to 7
(bathing, oil & incense) must be done in the evenings, from sunset onwards.

Step 8:

Take your senna leaves and use your Quraanic
water to make senna tea which you will drink first thing in the morning for at
least four days in a space of a twelve days (The exact number of days should be
prescribed by your Raaqi). Pour 500 ml of boiling Quraanic water onto one
heaped tablespoon of senna leaves. Leave it to stand for about 10 minutes, then
strain and drink. The senna tea does cause a laxative effect, so take it on
days when you are home. If the laxative effect is heavy, spread the days
further out between the days you take the senna tea.

Remember first thing in the morning on an
empty stomach, and do not eat for at least 20 to 30 minutes afterwards.

The senna tea is the only part of the
treatment that you can miss days. Every other aspect should be done without
missing days.

That completes one day of a
12-day treatment. For the next 12 days you will repeat the steps in the same way,
ie. You will take a Quraanic bath, use the oil, incense etc, read two rakaats
of Salaah and thereafter make dua every day for 12 days.

In the event you did not read any Ruqyah
for the day, then ensure that you do the bathing, oiling, and incense. This
will still be counted as a day of treatment.

If your water gets finished, you will need
to repeat the process of making Quraanic water as you did the first time.

DO NOT TOP THE
WATER UP: Use the water & items
until it is finished, then fill more water in the bucket, read the Ruqyah on
EVERYTHING again.

Step 9:

Besides what you drink with the senna
leaves, drink from the Quraanic water morning and evening (drink at least a few
glasses a day), use it for your tea, cooking, etc.

Step 10:

Sprinkle or spray the water around your home, and if
necessary, your business. Try to spray on walls, ceilings, floors, behind
furniture, doors, windows, in wardrobes, cupboards, bathrooms etc.

Say “Bismillah” and recite Quraan
when spraying.

When spraying in toilets ensure to close
the lid of the high pan first and if low pan then cover the pan with a board,
so as to ensure that the Quraanic water does not go into the toilet pan itself.