
Important:The Quranic treatment will not be effective if you use any types of amulets, Ta’weez, rings, bracelets of protection or the like thereof.

Regarding the use of Ta’weez, Hakeem ul Ummah Hazrat Moulana Ashraf Ali Thanwi (A lai hir rah mah) has stated in Tuhfatul Ulamaa:

In magic, if there are any words of kufr used then this results in Kufr, disbelief. For example, taking assistance from the stars, sun, etc.

There is no difference whether this is done to cause harm to someone or to gain benefit without harming anyone.

If the wordings are not understood, then due to the possibility of kufr (disbelief) then it is compulsory to refrain from it.

This explanation includes all types of Ta’weez, patterns, numbers etc.

From the website of Hazrat Mufti Ebrahim Desai (A’ lai hir rah mah):

http://www.askimam.org/public/question_detail/18505

There are three conditions for the permissibility of Ta’weez:

1.It is in one of the understood languages.

2.It is derived from Quran or Hadith.

3.It is not considered that the Taweez itself is effective, but that Allah Ta’ala puts the effect in the Taweez.

The use of ta’weez, not only stands in our way of progress in our treatment, refraining from it is crucial for the protection of our Imaan. It is best not to use any type of Ta’weez and stay firm on the Quranic treatment as explained.

Dispose of all Ta’weez, amulets etc. in the following way:

When removing any Ta’weez from oneself, home, or business, recite Surah Falaq, Surah Naas and Ayatul Kursi.

Open all Ta’weez whilst reciting Surah Falaq and Naas.

Take some of the Quranic water you have made.

Place all contents into the Quranic water.

Leave to soak overnight.

Remove from the Quranic water.

Leave to dry. burn.

Those items which do not burn fully, like rings, chains, nails, etc., should also be burnt and buried thereafter.

Pour the used Quranic water into the garden.

For more information on ta’weez and amulets visit our download section for an ebook on ta’weez.