
Prophet’s (Sallalahu Alayhi Wasallam) Guidance
on treating Constipation.

روى
الترمذىُّفى“جامعه” وابن ماجه فى“سننه” من حديث أسماء بنت عُمَيْسٍ، قالت: قال رسول الله صلى الله عليه
وسلم: “بماذا كُنتِ تَسْتَمْشِينَ” ؟ قالت: بالشُّبْرُم،
قال: “حَارٌ جَارٌ“. قالت: ثم استمشيْتُ بالسَّنا، فقال: “لو كان شىءٌ يَشْفِى من الموتِ لكانَ السَّنا“.

Tirmizi
and Ibn Majah narrated that the Messenger of Allah (Sallalahu Alayhi Wasallam) asked
Asma Bint Umais Radhiallahu Anha, “How do you deal with constipation? She
said, by using Shubrum (Euphorbia). Prophet Muhammad (Sallalahu Alayhi
Wasallam) said, it is hot and a strong laxative, she then said, in addition I
use Senna and the Prophet (Sallalahu Alayhi Wasallam) replied, if there is a
cure that prevents death, it would be Senna “.

وفى “سنن ابن ماجه” عن إبراهيم بن أبى عَبلة، قال: سمعتُ عبد الله ابن أُم حرام، وكان
قد صلَّى مع رسول الله صلى الله عليه وسلم القبْلتين يقول: سمعتُ رسول الله صلى
الله عليه وسلم يقول: “عليكم السَّنا والسَّنُوت، فإنَّ فيهما شفاءً مِنْ كلِّ داءٍ إلا
السَّامَ“، قيل: يا رسول الله؛ وما السَّامُ ؟ قال: “الموتُ

Furthermore,
Ibn Majah narrated that Abdullah bin Umm Haram said that he heard the Messenger
of Allah (Sallalahu Alayhi Wasallam) saying: “Use Senna and Sanoot,
because they cure every disease except Saam”. He was asked, “What is
Saam?” He said, “Death”.

Prophet
Muhammad (Sallalahu Alayhi Wasallam) asked the woman about what she uses to
treat constipation, meaning what cure she uses to help soften the stool, so
that the body is able to get rid of its harmful waste.

Senna is a plant that grows in HIJAZ (Western Arabia) and the
best kind of it grows in Makkah, Senna is hot and dry in the first degree, and
it is a good, mild medication that does not cause any side effects.

Senna helps against bile and black bile ailments and strengthens
the heart. Senna is useful against melancholic obsession and corporal
incisions, relaxes the muscles and improves the hair. It helps against lice,
headache, mange, pustules, rashes, and epilepsy.

Al-Razi
said, Senna and fumitory help extract mature humors (bodily wastes) and helps
against leprosy and rashes.