
Without intention, and simply doing
the treatment ritually will have very little effect.

🤲 Oh Allah cure me from all health
issues, all mental issues, all mystical issues, and all spiritual issues,

🤲 Oh Allah cure me from every type of
sihr, jinn possession, jinn effect, jealousy, and evil eye.

🤲 Oh Allah remove all blockages from
my life,

🤲 Oh Allah remove all forms of
separation from my life,

🤲 Oh Allah forgive me for any
incorrect treatments I may have done,

🤲 Oh Allah remove all jinn & harm
that may have from that incorrect treatment,

🤲 Oh Allah destroy all types of magic
affecting me wherever it may be, and however it was made, 

🤲 Oh Allah destroy all affecting me
inside of my body or outside,

🤲 Oh Allah return the magic to and
destroy all magicians making magic on me and my family,

🤲 Oh Allah return the magic to and
destroy all those asking magic to be done on me and have hasad (jealousy) for
me and my family,

🤲 Oh Allah remove all magic and jinn
that may have been passed to me, due to attacks or any other reason, from my previous
family generation,

🤲 Oh Allah correct all my worldly
problems for the sake of my my deen,

🤲 Oh Allah make this a means of me becoming
your beloved,

🤲 Oh Allah grant me cure from
everything that is in your knowledge and I do not even know about and have not
made the intention for.

Thereafter recite the Ruqyah on the
section titled: “General Ruqyah Verses” with concentration & dedication.

Intention should be
focussed on during all the different parts of the treatment, not only when
reciting.

Step 3:

After completing your reading, blow hard with a light
spitting motion (three times) on your hands and body and rub your whole body starting
with your face. Thereafter blow three times on your bucket of water and extra
items as well. You can now remove the Quranic sheet from the water,
squeeze it out, and burn or bury it.

You can read and blow over the water, incense, oil, cosmetics, medication, food, etc. anything
consumed or applied.

Keep items closed when not in
use or not being read on.