
The number of times the Ayaat of the Ruqyah are
read and the number of days you will do treatment are only a guideline.
Depending on the severity of your case you can increase the number of times the
Ayaat are read and the number of days you do the treatment for. The Ayaat are
also not fixed, they can be changed or substituted as need be.

If you have not had hijama
(cupping) with simultaneous Ruqyah recitations done, then have it done as soon
as possible.

Remember that all of this is only a means. The ultimate
doer is Allah (Ta’ala). Turn your focus and attention to Allah (Ta’ala) and beg
Him for shifa. Try your best not to miss any salaah on its time.

You were only affected by sihr, ayn or jinn by
the permission of Allah (Ta’ala), and you will also only be cured through the
permission of Allah (Ta’ala).

Genuinely ask Allah (Ta’ala) for forgiveness for any sins
you may have been committing and make a firm resolution to continue abstaining
from evil and practicing on all the good you are doing.

إِنَّ ٱللَّهَ لَا يُغَيِّرُ مَا بِقَوۡمٍحتَّىٰ
يُغَيِّرُواْ مَا بِأَنفُسِهِمۡۗ

[الرّعد:11]

“Indeed, Allah will not
change the condition of a people until they change what is in themselves.”

(Ayah 11 Surah arRa’d 13)

It is also very important to have a positive and optimistic
attitude. Have hope in Allah (Ta’ala) and good expectations and Insha Allah, He
will treat you accordingly.

Hadhrat Abu Hurairah (Radhiallahu Anhu) narrated that
Rasulullah (Sallalahu Aalayhi Wasallam) has said, “Almighty Allah (Ta’ala)
says, I treat my slave (man) according to his expectations from Me, and I am
with him when he remembers Me. If he remembers Me in his heart, I remember him
in My heart; if he remembers Me in a gathering, I remember him in a better and
nobler gathering (i.e., of angels). If he comes closer to Me by one span, I go
towards him a cubit’s length, if he comes towards Me by a cubit’s length, I go
towards him an arm’s length, and if he walks towards Me, I run unto him.”

Note:

There are several points elaborated in this Hadith. The
first point is that Allah (Ta’ala) deals with a man according to his
expectations from Him. One should therefore always be hopeful of the mercy and
benevolence of Almighty Allah (Ta’ala) and never be despondent of His
blessings.

Certainly, we are extremely sinful and justly deserve
punishment on account of our evil deeds, yet in no case should we feel
despondent of the mercy of Allah (Ta’ala), as He may perhaps totally forgive
us. Some Ulama have written that the fulfilment of expectations promised by
Almighty Allah (Ta’ala) in the aforesaid Hadith is in its most general sense.
It carries assurance not only in respect of forgiveness but also in respect of
prayers, health, wealth, and safety.

For instance, when a person prays to Allah (Ta’ala) and
sincerely believes that Allah (Ta’ala) shall accept his prayer, then his prayer
is actually accepted, but if he has doubt (that his prayer would not be
accepted], it is not accepted.

Thus, in another Hadith it is stated that the prayer of a
person is granted so long as he does not say that his prayer is not granted.
The same is true in the case of all blessings relating to health, prosperity,
etc.

Finally, remember, Abu Sa’id (Radhiallahu Anhu) and Abu
Hurayrah (Radhiallahu Anhu) reported that Rasulullah (Sallalahu Aalayhi
Wasallam) said: “No fatigue, illness, anxiety, sorrow, harm or sadness afflicts
any Muslim, even to the extent of a thorn pricking him, without Allah wiping
out his sins by it.”

[Bukhaari Muslim]