## DISCUSSING WITH JINNS

Print
Email

Monday, 05 October 2015
Written by Super User
Category: Uncategorised
Hits: 45238

DISCUSSING WITH JINNS

Sometimes jinns speak through the mouth of a patient. This happens especially when the possession lasts for a long time or when the jinn is exhausted due to roqya and treatments. In these rare cases, the jinns would speak spontaneously. We will describe the way to communicate with the jinn. Sometimes the jinn speaks inside the head of a patient; when this happens the patient repeats what the jinn says.

1 Do not harass the jinn

Before explaining what to say to jinns, let’s eliminate what we must not say. When we attack him by ordering him to go out of the patient and calling him an enemy of Allah or ordering him to become Muslim, he will be on the defensive, and will tell any kind of lies and strategies to hide himself. This approach is useless. That is why some people consider jinns as liars in their majority. If you want to be effective, you just have to read the Koran and burn him until he leaves the host without trying to talk to him. If the jinn does speak, it is an opportunity to improve the situation. In order to obtain a certain cooperation of the jinn, you must act carefully and reassuringly. You must try to understand the jinn’s point of view. When he is sent with the spell, it is not his fault. The jinn could be good or bad. Most of the time he doesn’t want to be there, possibly he doesn’t even like his mission. Sometimes he is threatened to accomplish the mission or his family is taken hostage. It happens also that the jinn doesn’t understand what is happening, and knows nothing about witchcraft nor what he is doing in this body. Sometimes the jinn is bad and takes pleasure in his mission and does more than what is required. In Africa particularly, jinns are nearly always professionals working willingly with sorcerers, and whenever a sorcerer dies they will find another to work with him or choose one themselves to train him. So you must not automatically take these jinns as enemies and rather try to have their participation to destroy the spell in order to free them. As for jinns who take revenge, you must know that they suffer a lot when they are hit by humans and they can even be handicapped and feel the pain for a long time. It is normal for them to take their revenge for many years, id addition they have nothing else to do, and they get accommodation and food through their victim. I will further explain insha’Allah how to communicate with them. I just state that we must not take them as guilty, but understand them to handle them. As for jinns in love, we must understand that in their world, when they are in love, they stay together and form a couple without procedure or witnesses; the jinn thinks he can do the same with human beings and sees nothing wrong in what he is doing. He will even consider the spouse or the future spouse of the host as an illegal rival. As for jinns just looking for a host, they generally do not harm the person.

2 Determine the purpose of his presence

The most important thing to know is why the jinn has possessed one’s body. When you can ask him: “What are you doing here?” often he will not answer, since his strength comes from the fact he is invisible and hidden to us. The more they are discovered, the more we know about them and the more they are weakened. Thus, they are sometimes suspicious and fear that we use information received against them. You must continue to ask question in order to have him answer. We can say: “Have you been sent by sorcery? Did people force you to come?”; “Did the sender hurt you? Does he deserve a punishment?”; “Do you love your host? Do you want to be alone with him/her?” You must ask the questions until you have answers. Maybe the jinn will lie, but it will not be difficult to know it. The jinn always lies for a reason. For example, in order to have you stop reading Koran, he will promise to leave or become Muslim. In this case, you must not harass him but rather ask the purpose of his presence. To verify if the jinn lies you can ask questions that crosscheck what he said and lead him to a contradiction if he lied. You can also ask quick questions in order to bring him to answer spontaneously without thinking and inventing an answer. You must know that jinns aren’t good at lies so it is easy to catch them. Once, I asked a jinniya what she was doing in a patient, she said: “For her protection, yeah!” with a mocking look. I immediately asked her: “Are you mocking me?” She said: “Yes” and burst out laughing. By asking a quick and direct question, we do not let the jinn time to improvise and he betrays himself. Another time, I asked a woman during recitation (she was entirely possessed): “Is it you Fatiha?” She said: “Yes, it’s her!” In fact the jinn just wanted for the reading to stop, but was not clever enough to say: “Yes, it’s me”. I told him: “If it is her, then who are you?” The jinn stayed silent.

To confirm the reason of his presence, you can ask him: “How did it happen? Where was it? When did it happen? What kind of sorcery (if it is sorcery) is it?” then decide on whether the answers are reasonable.. Anyway, we are not obliged to trust the jinns as they can say lies just like the humans. The aim is to have a solution, as we will see in the following part. All of the information is put together to come up with a diagnosis: if the jinn say the sorcery was eaten and we think a symbol was hidden at a cemetery, we just have to treat both.

However, jinns sometimes fear us because they know that they will be burned. You must reassure them by saying: “Do not be afraid, I do not want to harm you. I just want to undo the spell so that you will be free and the person will be cured. I just want you to help me to destroy the spell”. We can also say “I just want we agree to solve the problem together and everybody will be free rather than fighting for nothing”.

It can happen that the jinn refuses to speak even if he has the ability. Too bad! You just apply the treatment. However, you can also meet really chatty jinns; they will speak hours and hours as long as you are willing to listen. The healer must control the situation and know that the jinn is speaking uselessly so he must interrupt him by explaining: “We just want to treat him. We just want to know what is necessary in order to treat him”. When there are other important information such as other people affected in the family, take the time to listen to that and stop him when the discussion turns to chat.

3 Determine the presence of sorcery and jinns

When the jinn is linked to sorcery, it is important to define the sorcery: eaten, written, put on the body or stepped on. It happens that the jinn knows nothing about sorcery and is not able to give information, but most of the time he knows. When he doesn’t know, you can guide him by saying: “Could you have a look in his stomach if there is any sorcery?” “Could you check if there are abnormal marks?” or “Is there something preventing you from going out?” “Where is it?”

Then ask the jinn, whether he is linked to sorcery or not, if the patient has other sorceries and if there are other jinns present. Ask how the other sorceries are made and why the other jinns are present. You can also ask about the role of each jinn. I repeat for the last time: all jinns’ answers must not be taken literally, you must always check, the most important is to come to the result: release the patient from sorcery.

You must not ask the jinn about the person who sent the spell, because most of the time it is useless, it is impossible to take revenge on sorcerers except by prayers, and if they know they have been discovered, they can start again. The best attitude is to show no change in your behavior, that is why it can be better not to know who it is. Even if you avoid them, you can always meet other people who will apply spells at you. The jinn can also mistake when denouncing the sorcerer. If you need to know who is the person in order to avoid him, accomplish the prayer of the need and ask Allah to show you how to protect yourself and who you must avoid. Anyway, the best punishment is to use the invocation of the oppressed which is the most accepted by Allah; sorcerers deserve no pity, no forgiveness, so ask Allah to punish them hard and to take revenge for you. Do not forget to take intention when reading Koran and taking treatment that the evil goes back on the sender.

4 Know more about jinn

It is not a matter of curiosity that you will ask jinn’s name, sex, age, religion and how long he has been there. It is only to prepare for the following steps. Jinns feel strong and arrogant when people do not know them properly and therefore fear them. When you get him to reveal his identity, he puts aside his arrogance and opens himself to you. In the previous step, comforting him, advising of our good intentions intentions and asking for his help concerning the host’s sorcery, let the jinn to develop kindness and trust towards us. Because of his state of mind the jinn is already predisposed to accept our preaching.

You must also ask him how he enters the person’s body, his precise location and his effect on the patient. All these help you to verify the truth of his words, but are also precious information to rid of in case the negotiation will not succeed. Use cupping glasses on the areas of the body the jinn resides and on his entry points.

5 Propose him to be Muslim

If the jinn is already a Muslim you will skip this step. Do not be surprised to see Muslim jinns working for sorcerers or avenging themselves on people or lovers. They are simply like human Muslims subjected to ignorance and sins. When the jinn is a Muslim you must speak of prayer and good deeds. The religious practices of jinns are different from ours, but there are more similarities than differences. You can advise him to learn about Islamic practices with other Muslim jinns in mosques or directly in Mecca.

Non-Muslim jinns need to be preached in two steps. You must first have him acknowledge that Islam is the truth; the second step is to get him converted. You must not start by asking him to be Muslim; it would be like asking a stranger to be Muslim. You do not know his current belief neither his knowledge of Islam; it will be really difficult for him to accept your proposal to be Muslim. Moreover, such an introduction could compromise the rest of the discussion. Before asking him to be Muslim, make sure that he knows the truthfulness of Islam. Then you start a discussion, an exchange without rushing things.

For the first step, we will present different cases insha’Allah.

First, some jinns do not want to name their religion or discuss it. Encourage them to speak. For instance, when he doesn’t answer to “What is your religion?” you can ask: “Are you Muslim, Christian, Jewish, or an atheist?”, “You do not have any religion? » All these questions aim to get an answer. If he doesn’t give any answer, you can say: “Do you want to state your religion? » When he answers: “No”, you can say «Why?”, and try to start a discussion. Finally, you can try to guess the reason of his refusal and ask him a provocative question, such as: “You do not want to tell me your religion because you know that your religion is false!” “You know that you will become a Muslim if you discuss it with us!” Ask the jinn a question, which will provoke him, lead him to answer without thinking and lead him to express what he sincerely thinks. You must always try to do as followed: ask questions he does not expect and which will lead him to answer without thinking. If he says: “yes”, automatically say “if you know your religion is false, just quit it”, or “if you know that you will be convinced, become Muslim right away”. But it is better to change the sentence in: “if you know that your religion is false, is there any reason to remain in it?” or “if you know that you will be convinced, is there any reason for you to refuse to be Muslim?”

Through these questions, you already moved to the second step: have the jinn become Muslim, after he acknowledges Islam is the truth. When there is no way and the jinn refuses to speak about religion, move to the following step. When he declares himself atheist - do not be surprised, it is not because they see us and we do not see them that they will believe in God. Do not use scientific or rational arguments; ask him if he knows what Koran is. If he doesn’t know or knows but doesn’t acknowledge that it is Allah’s book, tell him: “In order to prove His existence, Allah sends prophets with miracles. The miracle of the last Prophet Mohammed, blessing and peace be upon him, is the Koran. It is a miracle for Human beings and jinns. Its linguistic and scientific content is for us a miracle. For you it is a miracle since it burns jinns when they are disbeliever or disobedient. I will read the Koran, so that you will check by yourself, right?” Then read the verses 33-35 Surat 55, the Merciful, with a slow and strong voice. They are in phonetics:

Ya macshhara l-jinni wal’insi in istatactum an tanfuzoo min aqtari s-samawati wa l-ardi f-anfuzoo. La tanfuzoona illa bi-sultan. Fabi’ayyi ala’i rabbikumma tukazziban. Yursalu calaykuma shuwazun min narin wa nuhasun fala tantasiran.

By asking the jinn to listen to Koran you make him more vulnerable to the recitation. When you see that the discussion is useless tell the jinn: “So, listen carefully”. He will reply “Yes?” then you attack him with the recitation using the maximum of power.

Ask the jinn if recitation burned him. Since your previous words did not harm him, have him recognise that the Koran is the words of Allah. In the same time, he has acknowledged the prophecy of Mohammed, blessing and peace be upon him, since he is the one to whom Allah revealed the Koran. It once happened that a jinn recognized that the Koran is the book of Allah, but declared not to know Mohammed. We just showed him the verse: “Mohammed is the messenger of Allah” (The Victory, 48/29) and he accepted.

The real difference between daawat of jinns and daawa of human beings is that jinns do not have a complicated mind. If you manage to confront them to the truth, they surrender. An incontestable argument is enough to convert them by Allah’s will.

I will give you the case of Christian jinn. He declared he was Christian and I said: “Do you believe in Jesus?” “Yes”. “What does Jesus mean for you?” (You must also be interested in his faith and clarify it before proposing your own faith) “He is a messenger of God” he said. I do not remember if he said or I said that Jesus is also the elect and a savior. He was really happy when talking of Jesus, peace be upon him. I continued by saying: “Do you believe in Moses?”, “Yes”. “How about Abraham?” And Noah?” “Yes”. (The aim of these questions was to broaden his faith and have him understand that believing in Jesus doesn’t exclude the faith in others prophets) “Do you believe in Mohammed?” “Ye…” He stopped in the middle of the word since he understood that he was caught. You see that I did not give him the possibility to say that Mohammed, blessing and peace be upon him, is not a Prophet. It is better to present the fact that Mohammed is a Prophet as if there was no disagreement about it. It often works with Christian or Jewish jinns. I will explain you the following part of the story even if it is the second step of the preaching. I told him: “Is there anything preventing you to be Muslim?” I strongly recommend asking this precise question. It doesn’t raise a defensive reaction like the injunction: “embrace Islam!” It will make him think deeply: he will try to find all the possible reasons not to be Muslim. He might not find any reason and will convince himself that nothing stops him becoming Muslim or he might find a reason and will let you know: it’s now your responsibility to give appropriate answer.

The jinn of the story said: “Because I fear to lose my faith in Jesus”. Can you see the sincerity of his answer? He searched in his deep inside and by observation - not reasoning - he found that what prevented him to be Muslim is his fear to lose Jesus. Then I explained with euphoria, that we believe in Jesus, Mary, John the Baptist (Yahya the cousin of Jesus who announced his coming), Zechariah, peace be upon all of them, and I read the verses mentioning with them. By Allah’s grace, his apprehension of Islam rapidly disappeared. He said: “I will consult my family”. We could have refused and forced him to take his decision alone because we did not know what result the discussion with his family will bring, but we preferred to be understanding and let things come by themselves. Everything was perfect: at the end of the family consultation, he accepted to be Muslim. I made him repeat the profession of faith by adding: “I attest that Jesus is messenger of Allah”, he really liked it and proposed himself to leave the person’s body.

I will explain another case with Jewish jinn. He proclaimed himself Jew. “Why are you Jew?” I asked him. “Yes, because I am from the chosen nation”. “And why are you from the chosen nation?” “Because I am Jew”. “You are Jew because you are from the chosen nation or you are from the chosen nation because you are Jew?” He stayed quiet. “Do you know why Israelis were the chosen nation?”, “No”. “They were the chosen nation because they believed in God and followed his prophet Moses, when all other people worshipped statues. It was even the first human nation to accept Allah’s religion. For that reason they were the chosen nation. Even when they committed terrible sins or insults towards God, they were always by far better than the other people. So, anybody wanting to be chosen by God must believe in Him, believe in all God’s messengers and follow the last, I mean Mohammed, blessing and peace be upon him. Therefore if you want to be chosen by God and go to paradise, you must believe in Mohammed”. This argument works almost every time with Jewish jinns. He said: “Okay”. I said: “So embrace Islam”. He said: “Not yet”. “Why?” “I will do it later”. “If you die right now you will be for eternity in Hell! You must embrace Islam immediately because you know it is the truth!” He was astonished and I made him repeat the profession of faith.

However, if you do not succeed in convincing the jinn that Islam is the truth, move on to the next step and make research to strengthen the weak points of your argumentation. Improve your preaching every time and do not stop because of failure.

Let’s go to the second part: have the jinn to accept Islam after he recognized that Islam is the truth. There are many reasons for a jinn to refuse or hesitate to convert himself when he is convinced of the truth of Islam and we will insha’Allah investigate the most frequent cases. Since we know there might be reasons preventing him from conversion, it is better to ask him: “Is there anything preventing you to be Muslim?” or “Would you like to be Muslim?” rather than ordering him to become Muslim. When you discuss and negotiate with a jinn, you must be delicate, “brush in the direction of the hair growth ”, avoid provoking his arrogance and anger, since anyway if the soft method does not succeed you can always use the hard one. Solving a case softly is easier for the patient, the healer and the jinn, plus he can be Muslim and useful to Islam.

The first reason that can prevent a jinn to convert to Islam is that he knows he will have to leave the person’s body. This happens in other cases than sorcery: love, revenge or housing. In these cases you must not try to convince him to leave, but deal with faith and actions separately: he can accept the faith even if he is not ready to practice right now and continues to commit sins. Faith is the most important, and we do not know when we will die. We preach him to love Allah and be grateful for what He has given; it means to take him as our God and accept His messengers. When the jinn persists in his attitude, you must say: “So are you ready to be Muslim and leave his/her body?” Try to have this agreement then move to the next step.

The second reason is that the jinn has objections concerning Islam. It is your responsibility to correctly defend Islam. Be careful! Be sincere and do not try to fool him; do not say things you are not quiet sure about. I will give you examples of questions I had to deal with.

A jinn of 3500 years had attended the war between Ali and Muawiya, the battle of Siffeen. He told me: “I do not understand how they were all practicing Muslim, there where people really devout both sides, sahaba, and there was this terrible war with a huge number of killed people and so much blood”. This fratricide war was really bloody and traumatized the community, and divided Muslims in three groups which never reconciled since: Sunnites, Shiites and Khawaridj. I answered: “After each wave of massive conversion, there is necessarily a selection of branch of Islam to follow. In Mecca, there was no massive conversion; everybody converted by his own conviction. In Medina the conversion was massive; later on, hypocrites came out of the ranks of sincere Muslims. At the end of the prophet’s life, blessing and peace be upon him, Arabs converted massively to Islam; they also massively quit Islam at his death, then the wars of apostasy had occurred to bring Athem back, but a lot of them died unbelievers while fighting Muslims. After that the conquest of Persia and Byzantine occurred, and entire populations were converted. The selection of branches to follow was made at the battle of Siffeen. These difficult times compel everyone to make his proper choice and choose his side”. He was satisfied with the answer and saw no obstacles to convert to Islam.

A jinn said once: “I find unfair that we jinns are sent in humans’ bodies, whether it is by force with sorcery or instinct in case of revenge or love affairs, we are not informed in advance on what is suitable or not to do. Then you come with your roqya, you burn us and sometimes kill us!” It was the most difficult question a jinn ever asked me. It is true that most of the raqis will attack directly the jinn without any explanation. It is clearly a mistake. But the healer also doesn’t have time and mentality to explain with kindness to all jinns they face why they must be Muslim and stop harming the patient. Moreover, it happens that the jinn refuses or takes a long time to accept, and the effort to help him was in vain. I explained that to him and said that if jinns and humans worshipped Allah better, problems would be much less, and for that we are all responsible. You must take it as a test of Allah. Moreover, it allows the jinn to have a direct experience with the Koran and a chance to know Islam. He was not totally convinced and I told him: “I do not claim to know everything neither to be able to answer all questions. You have to make the prayer of need and ask Allah to make you understand. Anyway, it was beneficial for you since you are coming to Islam”. Then he accepted to convert.

A jinn who was working for evil forces said: “Anyway, I belong to the evil; I cannot go back to the good side”, “How do you know? Are you a devil (Satan)?”, “No”. “Are you an Ifreet (half-breed of devil and jinn)? » “No”. “So you are a jinn like all the others; you can be good or bad. You can go to Hell or Paradise. You do not know if you will choose the good path or not”. This argument stopped him a while, since it has destroyed one of his axioms. But his arrogance came back and he said: “What I am interested in is power and domination!” I said: “Come to Islam. You will have Allah’s power with you and you will be invincible!” “But it takes too long. You have to learn piety, modesty, all this. The others give me immediately the strength I need”. This jinn knew very well Islam, for he stayed a long time in the person, and the person was very active in Islam. “Yes but the strength you will receive is relative. It stops at your death, or when you will face a believer with a faith stronger than your evilness. Are you Iblis?” “Not at all!” “Are you Dajjal?” “No”. “So the maximum you could reach is to be a pawn of Dajjal or Iblis”. “The maximum I could reach?” he was totally deceived. “Yes. The maximum you could reach is to be a pawn of Dajjal or Iblis”. This discussion lasted two hours; I just give you the key points. Running out of arguments, he told me: “What about you? You also have arrogance! You also you like power! People saying everywhere: Abderraoof! Abderraoof! You are the reference, the celebrity!” I must say he surprised me. I said: “But I also have my faults. I am trying to correct myself. If you show me what I do wrong, I will be pleased”. This answer was really the end and he collapsed and embraced Islam. When a jinn attacks you personally in daawa, you must not seek excuses or justification and most of all not lie and hide your weakness; you must show repentance immediately and take the preaching again.

The third reason is that the jinn is not interested in religion or in God. So remind him the kindness of Allah and the devotion we must show and also the benefits of religion in this world and the other. If he persists to not be interested, skip this step.

6 Propose him to leave

Whatever may be the results of the previous steps, you must ask the jinn to leave. If he is attached to sorcery, he might be afraid of the sorcerer. Teach him some prayers for his protection; for example: “la ilaha illa Allah, Allahu akbar, Allah is stronger than the sorcerer”. If you know strong Muslim jinn groups, you can tell him to stay with them in order to be protected by the group. For instance, the jinn can join a group travelling to Mecca. But what you must essentially do is to find the sorcery to which he is linked and destroy it. As long as a jinn is linked to sorcery it is normal for him not to be able to leave. You could always ask him if he can remove the sorcery himself. That works when he was the one who delivered and applied the spell. Just try. When he cannot leave because of the sorcery, ask him to be Muslim, to practice the prayer and pray Allah to release him from this body and to cure the patient. You could tell him that during the treatment or the reading of Koran, the effect of the sorcery will lower, and he must look for a breach and do his best to escape. When we read the Koran, the jinn is being burned and in the result becomes extremely small. In this form it is more possible for him to leave the body. So we inform him that we will “help him” leave by reading the Koran and attacking the spell, so he has to become very small and look for a breach to exit.

When it is a case of revenge, you must explain that the person did not mean to harm him and has suffered enough from the jinn’s revenge, and the revenge will not change or repair what he lost. You must make the jinn acknowledge that he is wrong to keep his revenge on. Moreover, you must explain that forgiveness is an important virtue; it releases the heart and gives access to paradise, if he believes in God. Then if he is a believer, you must use religious arguments: Islamic arguments if he is Muslim, and if he is Christian you explain that Jesus used to forgive people, he liked people showing forgiveness and hated people having revenge. In order to be with him in the Paradise, people must also show forgiveness. If the jinn refuses and we read the Koran so that he leaves, he will leave insha’Allah next time because he will see that the pain he feels with Koran is superior to the first pain when the person hurt him. If the jinn still suffers, read on him prayers for healing, such as: “as’alu llaha l-cadheema rabbal carshi l-adheemi an yashfeeka” seven times.

When the jinn is in love, it is almost impossible to convince him to leave, nevertheless you must try. Would he accept a forced marriage? Neither will the person accept it. Also marriage between different species cannot work, and is also condemned by the religion because Allah said: “And from everything we have been created two elements of couple” (51/49). If the jinn accepts Islam, it will be easier for him to accept to leave but still difficult. It only happened once that a jinniya accepted to leave a man. This brother had many sorceries. Furthermore, this jinniya was in love with him. She was not in his body but beside him; she was speaking in his mind and he could repeat her words. We then had discussions together: I speak to the jinniya, she answers to him and he repeats to me. As he had sorceries, it was not appropriate to ask her to leave him; a jinn, even not attached to sorcery can take refuge behind it when we attack him with Koran, and the spell can prevent him from leaving even when he is not directly linked to it. Moreover, the sorcery helps him to recover his strength after the reading. As it was not possible to have her leave, I did not mention that and we just had a friendly chat. She accepted Islam without problem and accepted to pray, she was happy to enter religion that let her be close to God and stay with her beloved one. This is how you must let her advance in her faith before accepting to make sacrifice for Allah. So she was learning Islam. Then she gave us the information about the sorceries the brother had. She also gave us information about other people’s spells. She also became our intermediary to have discussions with other jinns, and some of them got converted. Once, I was tired and told her: “Could you explain to your friend about Islam because I am tired”. In a few minutes the other jinniya converted to Islam. It seems that jinns transmit information to each other like we copy a computer disk: all the arguments she received from me and everything she learned about Islam, she transmitted it in a few seconds. We had the case of one person who had many jinns being converted; as soon as new jinn came, he immediately converted since he could find the record of all the previous discussions. Then came the day this brother had no more sorceries and it was the jinniya’s turn to be removed. It coincided - by the will of Allah- with the fact that he converted a French woman to Islam and brought her to get married with her. The French woman did not know about the jinniya and sorcery problems. I celebrated the marriage and called the brother alone in a room. I asked the jinniya what she thought of this marriage, she said it was good for him and sad for her. “What do you think of his wife?” “She sincerely converted to Islam and they make a lovely couple”, “But if you try to interfere between them, it will perturb her and negatively affect her faith, do not you think so?” “Yes, you are right”. «So, I ask you in the name of Allah to leave him. Look at the blessings Allah gave you: you are Muslim, you progressed so much, thanks to you many people are cured and many jinns converted to Islam. So do not spoil your deeds and do not leave Allah for your passion. You must leave him for Allah. In the name of Allah! Your reward will be tremendous!” She wept a lot then screamed: “For Allah, I will do it!” Happily, he was the only one to hear her scream. Then I said: “So, now you can stay beside him to help us treat the patients and lead jinns to conversion, but if it is too hard for you, you can leave him definitely”. “I will see” she said. Some days later, she had left him. You see that in this case, there were many circumstances that led the jinniya to leave by herself. Except this case, I have never seen jinns in love leave freely, so I hardly ask them to do it. I can only seek information on sorcery and try converting them to Islam, without showing them that we want to separate them from the victim. In this way I can get the maximum benefits before chasing them away.

Today we have by the will of Allah a new technique with lover jinns. Read on them this verse: “Amongst His signs He has created for you from yourselves spouses so that you find serenity with them, and He has made between you love and mercy. In this there are signs for people who think” (surat 30 verse 21), in Arabic: “wa min ayatihi an khalaqa lakum min anfusikum azwajan litaskunoo ilayha wa jacala baynakum mawaddatan wa rahma. Inna fee zalika la’ayatin liqawmin yatafakkaroon”. Allah will show them how marriage with a different species is impossible and will give them a spouse (wife or husband) from their specie that they will love insha’Allah.

When jinns simply want a home, we just ask them to leave because they are disturbing the person, even if no harm is intended. They do not have the right to be in the person without their agreement; the proof is that the Koran burns them even when they are Muslims. These jinns are generally the easiest to rid of. If they ask where can they go and where they can eat, recite: “And of everything We have the treasures, and We only deliver it in determined quantity” (surat 15 verse 21), in Arabic: “wa in min shay’in illa cindana khaza’inuhu wa ma nunazziluhu illa biqadarin macloom”. Insha’Allah, Allah will bless them with gifts so that they will forget the material advantages of being attached to the victim.

And if the jinn says he is strong and challenges you, recite: “His action when He wants something, is to say: “Be” and it is” (surat 36 verse 82), “innama amruhu iza arada shay’an an yaqoola lahu kun fayakoon”; insha’Allah, Allah will show him a glimpse of His power and he will surrender. And if the jinn says he does not know Islam, repeat many times: “Allah is the light of skies and earth” (Surat 24 verse 35), “Allahu nooru ssamawati wal-ard”, insha’Allah, Allah will enlighten his heart and he will accept Islam.

It sometimes happens that the jinn would give you conditions to leave the body. They can be of all kinds, more or less important, sincere or false. You must negotiate like you would negotiate with a human being, knowing that we can refuse his conditions and force him to go out under our conditions, but it is easier to find an agreement.

Sometimes the jinn will ask for a place to go to or refuses to leave as they do not like to be forced out. It is a bit like you would chase a dog away from you– with all due respect to jinns.

A jinniya said once: “Oh no! I cannot accept to be chased out like a bad person!” I said: “So dear lady, would you have the extreme kindness to leave this place? That will really be a pleasure for us”. She said: “All right, if it is this way I accept!” and she left. Isn’t it better than using a force?

Jinns sometimes say they will leave in three or four or a certain number of days. That means that he doesn’t want to cooperate, he will resist leaving the body. We explain to him that we have well understood his intentions, but that it is better for him to go without suffering and not worsen his position with Allah. If he persists, you must read Koran without any compassion and ask the patient to bath with Koranic water.

It happens that jinns ask for accessible things, like one who was asking the person to do forty alms (sadaqas) or equivalent during the time of the treatment for him to go out. The reasons of these conditions are difficult to understand, but there is no harm in trying. Sometimes jinns ask extravagant or forbidden conditions, such as to slaughter an animal for another name than Allah; you must not accept these conditions and impose them to leave or endure the reading.

In summary, the conditions that jinns set should be dealt with like conditions coming from humans. It happens that the jinn wants to reveal things before leaving, it happens often when jinn accepts Islam and accepts to leave, but tries to stay a little longer to reveal other sorcery problems in the family. Once again, everything he says must not be taken literally and must be checked, although it can be useful. In these cases, it is better to be patient and wait until he finishes all his revelations and then ask him to leave again. If the jinn agrees to go, you must give him the last instructions: he must go out by the big toe, and go live with Muslims, at Mecca for example, he must practice the five prayers and give daawa to other jinns… You can recommend him any good deeds you want.

7 Cooperation with jinns

If we notice that the jinn is really cooperative, we can ask him for additional information, for instance on present patients, on the family of the patients, for other patients we are treating, on the efficient treatment for the case or suitable verses for the problem.

Some raqis would even keep a link with the jinn to ask him information every time they need. Others even use jinns or people’s jinns to extract the spell or other jinns. This collaboration with jinn is subject to different ulamas’ opinions: some consider it forbidden whatever circumstances may be; others consider it like collaboration with human beings: it is halal as long as the outcomes and means are. Those who deny the possibility to collaborate with jinns use the verse: “True, there were persons among mankind who took shelter with persons among the Jinns, but they increased them in folly” (the jinns, 72/6). This verse only means that if you seek protection of jinns, it could only be harmful. Indeed, some traditional healers give the patients some talismans (wrapped papers with writings and closed by leather) containing instructions to jinns to protect the person: first of all that doesn’t solve the problem the person has; secondly jinns are not able to protect him against attacks of jinns and sorcery; moreover it is a problem of faith and religion: the person will have his trust in jinns or talismans and neglect the personal spiritual effort to protect himself. Let me tell you that any time we caught the jinns related to theses talismans they explained to us what pact has been concluded to get them do that job and it was shirk – an act that breaks the Islamic faith. Moreover, even if they serve the person in a way, they will necessarily harm him in another way, and he is looser at the end.

When the Prophet, blessing and peace be upon him, was bewitched, Jibril, peace be upon him, showed him the curse and the cure. Some will comment that this remedy is valid for all and the intervention of Jibril is sufficient for everybody, when some conclude that we need means to know what is really happening.

A woman came to complain to the Prophet, blessing and peace be upon him, she was attacked by a jinn, she started to experience the misfortune of getting undressed unwillingly. The Prophet proposed her to pray for her and she will be cured or to accept and endure the illness and to obtain the Paradise as reward. She preferred to endure but asked the Prophet, blessing and peace be upon him, to pray she will not get undressed. Some conclude that if it is possible to leave deliberately jinn in a person to torture them so they suffer and go to the Paradise. We are more likely to keep the jinn so he can help cure other people as long as he is not being extremely harmful to the host.

Let’s also mention the ban on divination: all predictions of the future are completely forbidden and contradict Islamic faith. Even the person believing in the prediction has lost faith. Finding the illness one suffers from and knowing how to cure it AND getting information from the jinn about the future are two different things. We are not allowed to have access to the “Ghayb” (The Unseen) as it is for Allah to know only. Doctors have their methods to determine the illness invisible to common people, just as an expert in any field develops tools to obtain information inaccessible to others. So knowing a present reality others can’t reach is not an intrusion into the “ghayb”(the unseen), the private science of Allah.

There are also some sorts of collaboration existing in religion: jinns asked the Prophet, blessing and peace be upon him, to tell Muslims not to use bones or cow dung for istinja (as toilet paper) because it is their food. He also asked us to say “Bismillah” when we throw bones after eating meat because Allah will recreate the meat and the Muslims jinns will eat it. For this point, I would like to add that previously – and still in many countries - bones and natural leftovers were thrown in nature and animals and jinns could benefit from it; but if we throw the bones in the garbage can and close it, jinns have no longer access to the food. We must therefore to respect the advice and the wish of the Prophet, gather the bones in a container and let them spend the night before throwing them in the morning- or not close the garbage can until the morning. Moreover, we found that jinns obtain the flesh of any fruit having a hard stone: peaches, avocadoes, etc…

Another kind of collaboration is daawa: there has never been a jinn prophet; human prophets were sent to humans and jinns. We know that jinns received the preachings from the Prophet, blessing and peace be upon him, then transmitted Islam amongst them (Surat Jinns and Al–Ahqaf). Later on, they returned to see the Prophet many times. Jinns do not have access to books: they can read with a human being by looking in the book at the same moment; they will follow practicing people to learn their invocations and take profit of their discussions. To preach other jinns, they bring them in human religious meetings in order for them to listen; finally, jinns living close to Muslims for various reasons can embrace Islam by themselves. In fact, intellectually, we surpass them, and they do not have so much initiatives and teaching and preaching activities among them. It is possible with just a bit of attention to bring them a lot a profitable things. Every time we discuss about religion, you just have to intend to speak to the present jinns and automatically they feel call out and listen to the conversation; it can be good for them, you can be without knowing with hundreds or thousands or converted jinns. In your house or your mosque, hang up a poster of entire Koran; then Muslim jinns eventually present can read it as they want. And they will rapidly know it by heart. If you read once the alphabet in Arabic and rules of reading, they will be able to read Arabic. These rules of daawa for jinns do not have for purpose to obtain the favor of jinns but are just for their progress in the religion. However, it could have positive effect on us: they will pray for us, we feel a light and pleasant atmosphere with Muslim jinns, whereas with bad jinns, the atmosphere is electric; Allah can use Muslim jinns to help us; “For Allah belong the Forces of the heavens and the earth.” (The Brilliant Victory, 48/7) for instance they can come in one's dream to inform him of something or wake him up for prayer.

Some healers pass “contracts” with jinns. Those who are looking for the face of Allah do not need to lay down conditions. If a jinn helped us and we noticed that he is not or no longer as good as we thought, it is not too late to get rid of him. You must know that all jinns do not understand and do not see witchcraft; they can contradict one another, learn and evaluate. The healer must never be dominated by jinns; he is the one who must master the situation and take decisions.

All professionals I know have their own way to determine a patient’s problem, even if the effectiveness varies and is never absolute. Some work with Muslim jinns but their relations vary: by an intermediary, by direct contact; some jinns simply give information when others interfere directly to abolish the spell or drive the jinns out; others return the spell to the sender; some healers send a person to jinn’s and spirit’s world; some experiment with trying to interact with jinns in their own world; some have also a divine blessing and are helped by angels. There are always astonishing discoveries but do not explain to people what is beyond their mind. The purpose of this little book is to give a basic knowledge. The rest is for experts and everybody entering this field, it is Allah who guides him and trains him to use him for the welfare of religion and people.

Let me give you the position of sheikh al-Islam Ibn Taymiyya on this subject.

In his book: “The proof of possession by jinns” pages 21-22, he says: “Is it allowed to consult the jinn? If you believe all they say and glorify the jinn for giving you the information then it is haram. However, if one communicates with the jinn to test his rightness and discover jinn’s true nature, as all as has arguments to know whether the jinn is truthful or lying, it is allowed. It is also permitted if he listens to what the jinn says as in the same way he may listen to a non-believer or a sinner to know what they say and then make his own conclusion. Whatever information you receive you would research and check it, and not directly accept something as true or false until you have the proof, as the Almighty says: “If a wicked person comes to you with any news, ascertain the truth” (The Private Apartments, 49/6).

Some examples from the past include the following two stories. Abu Musa reports that Umar was late and he (Abu Musa) did have any news of him and there was a woman who had a jinn with her, so he asked the jinn about Umar and the jinn advised that he saw Umar sharing the sadaqa camels thus he was late. In another story, Umar sent out an army and later a person came to Medina and reported that they had defeated their enemies and the news spread out. Umar enquired about the person bringing the information. He was told: “It is Abul-Haytham – a Muslim jinn – and the human messenger will arrive later”, who has indeed arrived a few days later.

Ibn Taymiyya also says in his other book: “Majmu al-Fatawa, Volume 11, P307”: “A human being who orders jinns to do what Allah and His messenger have ordered, to worship Allah alone and obey his prophet, and also orders humans to do that, he is amongst the best allies of Allah the Almighty, and he becomes by this action a successor – caliph – and a representative of the messenger. And the one who uses jinns for authorized personal matters and orders them to do their duties and forbids them to commit what religion condemns and uses them in personal permitted matters, he is like the kings who did such things, and he who is capable of this is an ally of Allah the Almighty and like the prophet king compared to the prophet slave, like Suleiman and Yusuf compared to Ibrahim, Musa, Issa and Muhammad, may Allah bless them all. And whoever uses jinns for what Allah and his messenger have forbidden, either association (shirk), or to kill an innocent person, or harming people such as making them ill, or forget their science or commit a sin, this one has used their help for sin and harm, and if he uses them for acts considered as apostasy, he is an apostate. And if his knowledge of Islamic rules is not complete and he uses their help for what he thinks to be miracles such as performing hajj, or flying, or they take him to Arafat and he doesn't perform the regular hajj, or they take him from city to city and so on, that one they drove him astray and tricked him”.

To end this paragraph, the Prophet, blessing and peace be upon him, did not teach the roqya as he taught the worship and the religion; he left the field open and encouraged companions who practiced it. He allowed people to treat as they want as long as they do not commit association - shirk. In no chapter of fiqh – Islamic jurisprudence- are there rules concerning witchcraft: what to do with a criminal under the influence of witchcraft? How to prove it? How could we establish that someone is a sorcerer? What could we say about a divorce caused by witchcraft? Etc…We know that the punishment of the sorcerer is the death penalty, but could we prove it? What I want to say is that this field is not totally regulated by the laws. The limits of what is acceptable are set though; within these limits, experts develop their methods.

8 A method to know

As mentioned before the professionals I know have certain proved methods to see what the person has and they do not simply rely on obvious signs to diagnose a patient. So I will make a proposal for the following method.

While the patient is laying down and you are reading Koran for them, after some time, ask Allah to show – the raqi or the patient- the area of harm on the body of the patient. You could also have the patient to sit cross-legged and hold their hands in position of making duaas. Cover them completely with a blanket, ask them to close their eyes and place your hands on their temples. This position is be preferable to the laying down position when you treat one jinn only and you do not apply hijama as it is much easier to recite directly into patient ears and follow the jinn until he leaves. It permits also to use the smoke, as explained in III C6.

You or the patient should start seeing or feeling things. If not, read again and ask Allah again. If the whole reading finishes and nothing happens then you must work on your spirituality, unless the person has no sorcery or everything is already known as you must not use this method to see known things. You use this method to solve the unknown in the situation. The invocations to say so that Allah will show you what is happening are invocations of need. Try all those you could find. You could also read verses invocating Allah’s science and his support to believers. I already propose you these three (3) invocations that you could use alternately:

Allahumma innee as’aluka bi’asma’ika l-husna kulliha, ma calimtu minha wa ma lam aclam, la ilaha illa anta, ya hayyu ya qayyoom, ya zal-jalali wal-ikram, ya rahmanu ya raheem, allahumma ma kana bihaza l-cabdi (amati for a woman) min durrin, min caynin aw jinnin aw sihrin, min insin aw jinnin fil-barri aw fi l-bahri, taclamuhu wa la naclamuhu wa anta callamu l-ghuyoob, fakshifhu lana wa ahdirhu lana wa abtilhu lana, la yahdee li-hadha illa anta ya arham ar-rahimeena ya rabb al-calameen.

Oh Allah, I ask you with all your beautiful names, those I know and the others I do not know, you are the only one God, Oh Living God, Oh Remaining by yourself, Oh Loving Benefactor, who has the Majesty and Benefits, the Merciful, really Merciful, Oh Allah, what this servant as harm, evil eye, jinn or spells coming from a human being or a jinn, on earth or at sea, that You know and that we do not know, and You are the Expert of invisible, reveal it to us, bring it to us, and cancel it for us, You are the only one who can do it, Oh the very Merciful, Lord of worlds.

Allahumma ya wadoodu ya wadoodu, ya dhal-carshi l-majeed, ya faccalu lima yureed, as’aluka bicizzatika llatee la turam, wa mulkika alladhee la yudam, wa noorika alladhee mala’a arkana carshika, an takshifa lana ma bihadha l-cabdi (or amati) min durrin wa an tahdiyana lifarajihi, ya mugheethu agithna, ya mugheethu agithna, ya mugheethu agithna.

Oh goodness! Oh Master of the prestigious throne! You the one who does what He wants! I implore You by Your power that nobody challenges, by Your realm where injustice cannot be done and by Your light which fills the corners of Your throne, I implore You to reveal the harm this person has! Savior, come to my help! Savior, come to my help! Savior, come to my help!

Allahumma ya awwala l-awwaleen, wa ya akhira l-akhireen, wa ya dhal-quwwati l-mateen, wa ya rahima l-masakeen, wa ya arhama r-rahimeen, aynama takoonoo ya’ti bikumu llahu jameecan inna allaha cala kulli shay’in qadeer, wa ma tasqutu min waraqatin illa yacalamuha, allahumma akhrijna min dhulumati l-wahmi ila noori l-fahmi w-akshif lana ma bihaza l-cabdi min durrin ya arhama r-rahimeen.

Oh Allah, first of the first, last of the last, who has the strength and the power, Merciful for weak people, the very merciful, wherever you are, Allah will bring all of you, Allah is capable of everything, and every falling leaf Allah knows it, Oh Allah, make us emerge from darkness of conjecture to light of comprehension and reveal us what his the harm of this person, Oh the very Merciful!

If the person sees things, you must react instantaneously: If it is witchcraft, read verses against witchcraft or the two-last surats, if it is a jinn, tell the person to catch him and read until he dies. If it is a path or a situation, tell the person to go ahead and guide him. If it is a sorcerer, tell the person to catch him and read until he dies; I do not know what effect it will have on him, but the idea is to sweep up everything you find. Regardless of what happens during this instance you should always follow up with complete roqya treatment. There is also a variant of this method: you can use a person who has easily revelations (kashf), for instance regular divine dreams, to see what the person has when they are placed face- to-face and by holding both heads; she/he will therefore see what the patient has.

There is a more modest method: Ask the person who wants to see you to perform the prayer of need during three (3) or seven (7) days every afternoon when asking Allah to show what he has and what is the solution, and noting all his dreams. You will act consequently and ask him to do it again after each treatment.

Finally a last tip: Try to go forward yourself to see directly what the person has. Yes, it is possible to see directly witchcraft, the jinns and the evil eye or more precisely to feel them. Besides Allah said: “when I will love him, I will be his hearing by which he ears, his sight by which he sees, etc…” When you read the Koran to patients, you concentrate yourself on the recitation and start feeling it internally, and then you ask Allah to show you what the patient has. The first thought coming up in your mind has three possible sources: Satan, nafs or Allah. Satan is excluded because you read the Koran with concentration and you going towards Allah and this prevent him from was was. It is between your nafs and Allah. You must train yourself to reduce the part of nafs in your life and mainly when you ask Allah to show you and you are waiting for the answer: Do not think that you want to be a hero, do not think that you will show off by saying: “Have you seen that and that”, do not think that you will see something to earn more money… Everything your nafs tells you, extract from the deep inside of your heart and just look for Allah’s conformity and focus on helping the patient.

At that moment, the intuition you will have would be coming from Allah. You can have a vision of witchcraft, how is it done. Insha’Allah, by training yourself on it, it will be more immediate and you will not need an intermediary to know what the person has.

- Prev

- Next