## OTHERS METHODS

Print
Email

Monday, 05 October 2015
Written by Super User
Category: Uncategorised
Hits: 17173

OTHERS METHODS

You will find in this part some suggestions from other raqees.

Dou3as

For your information I have an addition dua to share. Again adding 11 times to the product puts me in agony in the shoulders (but it's a great feeling pain) and making me feel stronger

Of course add the name of the suspected magician

اللهُ أَكْبَر, اللهُ أَعَزُّ مِنْ خَلْقِهِ جَمِيعًا, اللهُ أَعَزُّ مِمَّا أَخَافُ وَ أَحْذَر, أَعُوذُ باللِه الَّذِي لاَ إِلَهَ إِلاَّ هُو, الْمُمْسِكُ السَّمَاوَاتِ السَّبْعِ أَنْ يَقَعْنَ عَلَى الأَرْضَ إِلاَّ بِإِذْنِه, مِنْ شَرِّ عَبْدِكَ فُلاَنٍ, وَ جُنُودَهُ وَ أَتْبَاعَهُ وَ أَشْيَاعَه, مِنَ الْجِنِّ وَ الإِنْس, اللَّهُمَّ كُن لِي جَارًا مِنْ شَرِّهِم, جَلَّ ثَنَاؤُك وَ عَزَّ جَارُك, وَتَبَارَكَ اسْمُكَ، وَتَعَالَى جَدُّكَ، وَلَا إِلَهَ غَيْرُكَ

Allahu 'Akbar, Allahu 'a'azzu min khalqihi jamee'an, Allaahu 'a'azzu mimmaa 'akhaafu wa 'ahtharu, 'a'oothu billaahil-lathee laa 'ilaaha 'illaa Huwa, almumsikis-samaawaatis-sab'i 'an yaqa'na 'alal-'ardhi 'illaa. bi'ithnihi, min sharri abdika fulaa [name of the person], wa junoodihi wa 'atbaa'ihi wa 'ashyaa'ihi, minal-jinni wal'insi, Allaahumma kun lee jaaran min sharrihim, jalla thanaa'uka wa 'azza jaaruka, wa tabaarakasmuka, wa laa 'ilaaha ghayruka

Allah is the Most Great, Mightier than all His creation. He is Mightier than what I fear and dread. I seek refuge in Allah, Who there is none worthy of worship but Him. He is the One Who holds the seven heavens from falling upon the earth except by His command. [I seek refuge in You Allah] from the evil of Your slave [name of the person], and his helpers, his followers and his supporters from among the jinn and mankind. O Allah, be my support against their evil. Glorious are Your praises and mighty is Your patronage. Blessed is Your Name, there is no true God but You.

Breathing :

Both hands on eyes – say Bismillah , then deep breath, then Allahu akbar breath out.

(hold for 10 seconds) repeat it for 23 times. About 6 to 7 minutes.

Then on the last breath when breathing out they will recite the verse:

وَأَصْلَحْنَا لَهُ زَوْجَهُ

and amended for him his wife

After 10 times repeating with them, then you ask them to put their hand on their womb and repeat it for 60 times.

Say Bismillah , then deep breath, then Allahu akbar breath out.

(hold for 10 seconds) for 11 times

Then on the last breathing say this verse:

كُلَّمَا دَخَلَ عَلَيْهَا زَكَرِ‌يَّا الْمِحْرَ‌ابَ وَجَدَ عِندَهَا رِ‌زْقًا

Every time Zechariah entered upon her in the prayer chamber (4 times)

Then وَجَدَ عِندَهَا رِ‌زْقًا

5 times

يا افسدت البطن و الرحم اسمع Oh you who blocked her womb ,listen

وَجَدَ عِندَهَا رِ‌زْقًا يا من ابطلت خطبة الزواج اسمع

Oh you who blocked the marriage proposal listen

وَجَدَ عِندَهَا رِ‌زْقًا 

2times

يا من ابطلت الفراش و الجماع

Oh you who blocked intercourse listen

وَجَدَ عِندَهَا رِ‌زْقًا 

2 times

يا من تسببت في الفراق و الطلاق اسمع

Oh you who caused separation and divorce Listen!

وَجَدَ عِندَهَا رِ‌زْقًا 

2 times

يا من تسببت تعطيل العمل والديون اسمع

Oh you who caused loss of job and having debts Listen

وَجَدَ عِندَهَا رِ‌زْقًا 

2 times

يا من ابطلت الحمل و اسقطت الاجنة

Oh you who blocked pregnancy and caused miscarriage listen

وَجَدَ عِندَهَا رِ‌زْقًا 

2 times

قَالَ يَا مَرْ‌يَمُ أَنَّىٰ لَكِ هَـٰذَا

"O Mary, from where is this [coming] to you? (3 times)

قَالَتْ هُوَ مِنْ عِندِ اللَّـهِ

She said, "It is from Allah. (3 times) قَالَ يَا مَرْ‌يَمُ أَنَّىٰ لَكِ هَـٰذَا قَالَتْ هُوَ مِنْ عِندِ اللَّـهِ

3 times

Then back to breathing say Bismillah , then deep breath, then Allahu akbar breath out. (hold for 10 seconds) 5 times

وَمَا بِكُم مِّن نِّعْمَةٍ فَمِنَ اللَّـهِ

And whatever you have of favor - it is from Allah Repeat it for 11 times

Then back to breathing say Bismillah , then deep breath, then Allahu akbar breath out. (hold for 10 seconds) 3 times

و يعلم ما في الارحام And he knows what is in wombs (17 times)

Breathing process again (4 times) then read نِسَاؤُكُمْ حَرْ‌ثٌ لَّكُمْ فَأْتُوا حَرْ‌ثَكُمْ أَنَّىٰ شِئْتُمْ

Your wives are a place of sowing of seed for you, so come to your place of cultivation however you wish (11 times)

Breathing process again (5 times and on the 6th say the verse: فَانكِحُوهُنَّ بِإِذْنِ أَهْلِهِنَّ So marry them with their owner's permission (16 times)

The breathing process ( then on the 4th repeat) : وَلَا تُكْرِ‌هُوا فَتَيَاتِكُمْ عَلَى الْبِغَاءِ

Do not force your [slave] maids into prostitution (9 times)

Breathing again (4 times) then read

قَالَتْ إِحْدَاهُمَا يَا أَبَتِ اسْتَأْجِرْ‌هُ ۖ إِنَّ خَيْرَ‌ مَنِ اسْتَأْجَرْ‌تَ الْقَوِيُّ الْأَمِينُ

One of the girls said, "Father, hire him! For the best man to hire is someone strong and trustworthy." (4 times) قَالَتْ إِحْدَاهُمَا يَا أَبَتِ اسْتَأْجِرْ‌هُ 

9 times then read again: قَالَتْ إِحْدَاهُمَا يَا أَبَتِ اسْتَأْجِرْ‌هُ ۖ إِنَّ خَيْرَ‌ مَنِ اسْتَأْجَرْ‌تَ الْقَوِيُّ الْأَمِينُ إِنَّ خَيْرَ‌ مَنِ اسْتَأْجَرْ‌تَ الْقَوِيُّ الْأَمِينُ 3 times قَالَتْ إِحْدَاهُمَا يَا أَبَتِ اسْتَأْجِرْ‌هُ  إِنَّ خَيْرَ‌ مَنِ اسْتَأْجَرْ‌تَ إِنَّ خَيْرَ‌ مَنِ اسْتَأْجَرْ‌تَ الْقَوِيُّ إِنَّ خَيْرَ‌ مَنِ اسْتَأْجَرْ‌تَ الْقَوِيُّ الْأَمِينُ

- Prev

- Next