## THE RUQYAH

Print
Email

Thursday, 10 September 2015
Written by Super User
Category: Uncategorised
Hits: 28924

BISMILLAH ARRAHMANI ARRAHIM

THE RUQYAH : INTRODUCTION

First of all, roqya is the treatment and relief of people whose lives are stuck and who have been suffering for years.

Secondly it’s a protection for muslims against shirk and it’s a way of strengthening their faith.

Thirdly it’s a way of daawa to non muslims.

Then it is a fight against magicians, Satanists, seers and their associates, and a fight against any kind of shirk till it completely disappears.

1) The existence of sorcery

Allah The Most High says : [51:52] Consistently, when a messenger went to the previous generations, they said, "Magician," or, "Crazy."

Men have always known phenomenon of sorcery and possession by jinns (spirits), only modern materialism rejects it in the name of science, trying to explain it all by psychological problems and superstitions. We are really surprised to see that some imams and scholars deny the reality of these phenomenons while angels taught magic and Allah clearly assesses the veracity of it’s effect «These two did not divulge such knowledge without pointing out: "This is a test. You shall not abuse such knowledge." But the people used it in such evil schemes as the breaking up of marriages. They can never harm anyone against the will of GOD.” [2:102]

We also know how the Prophet, peace and blessings be upon him, was victim of charm and fell sick until Allah the Most High sent him angels to inform him that he has been charmed with hairs and knots put under a stone in a dry well used for toilets. He then had to send companions to fetch it and the knots opened by the recitation of the two protection surats. The Prophet, peace and blessings be upon him, recovered health after that. “ s “ is therefore a reality. There are four symptoms of sorcery and jinns:

-
Blockages in life: work, money, marriage, studies, contests, un-kept promises, bad luck. When these deadlocks are unusual and recurrent until they become systematic then we know it is sorcery.

-
Unusual health problems : unexplainable and permanent pains, strange diseases medicine can’t explain like open wounds, sterility and erectile dysfunction

-
Unusual mental states: anger, irritability, sadness, depression, oversight, lack of self-confidence, lack of concentration, hearing or seeing things until madness

-
Nightmares : pursuit, snakes, dogs, bulls, militaries, masks, water, going up or down or flying, dead or graves, vehicles, fire, fishes, persistent sexual dreams.

2) Sorcery is forbiden

Allah ta’al says : [2:102] “But the people used it in such evil schemes as the breaking up of marriages. They can never harm anyone against the will of GOD. They thus learn what hurts them, not what benefits them, and they know full well that whoever practices witchcraft will have no share in the Hereafter. Miserable indeed is what they sell their souls for, if they only knew.”

Allah says : [20:69] "The magician's work will not succeed."

Al’Imrân ibn Husayn – may Allah be satisfied with him – reports that the Prophet, peace and blessing be upon, said: “Is not one of us he who spreads superstitions and he who believes in it, he who practices clairvoyance and the one seeking for it, he who practices sorcery and the one seeking for it; he who goes to a clairvoyant, asks him then believes in what he says, has disbelieved in what has been revealed to Muhamad (Peace and blessings, be upon him,” [Reported by El Bazzar with correct transmission chain.]

From Abu Hurayra -  may Allah be satisfied with him -  who reports that Prophet, peace and blessing be upon, said: “ He who goes to a seer and believes his prediction, has disbelieved in what has been revealed to Muhamad  (peace and blessing be upon)” [Reported by Ahmed, Abu Daoud, At-Tirmidhi, Nassaï, Ibn Majah and El Hakim]

3) Roqya

Roqya is the treatment and relief of people whose lives are stuck and who have been suffering for years.

Secondly it’s a protection for muslims against shirk and it’s a way of strengthening their faith.

Thirdly it’s a way of daawa for non muslims because sahabas healed the chief of a polytheist tribe with Fatiha.

Then it is a fight against magicians, Satanists, seers and their associates, and a fight against all kinds of shirk till it completely disappears.

Sorcery being something harming the whole body, until the person falls sick or dies, causing disunion between couples, it is therefore lethal to do everything possible to remove it and use legal ways for treatment. Indeed, Allah The most High gave a remedy to every desease.

According to Abu Hurayra  - may Allah be satisfied with him- the Prophet, peace and blessing be upon him, said: “ Allah did not send a disease without sending its remedy”

Muslim reported according to Jabir - may Allah be satisfied with him- the Prophet, peace and blessing be upon him said: “Each disease has its remedy; if the remedy matching the disease is found, the patient will recover health by Almighty Allah’s grace”.

For sorcery especially the remedy is the Quran because sorcery is made with satanic words which are cancelled by Allah’s words.

ALLAH ta’ala says : [17:82] « And We reveal of the Quran that which is a healing and a mercy for believers though it increase the evil doers in naught save ruin . »

- Prev

- Next