
Al-Isti’saal - The Eradication 


Visit our website for accredited Ruqaa: www.ruqyah.org.za 




We have revealed from the Quraan that which 
is a healing and a mercy for those who believe 





Introduction.2 

Ruqyah in South Africa.3 

Magic And Sorcery .9 

The Four Symptoms Of Sorcery And Jinn.ro 

What Is Evil Eye/Nazr? .rr 

Symptoms of Evil Eye/Nazr.r2 

What Is Black-Magic (Jaadoo / Sihr)? .r3 

Symptoms of Black-Magic (Jaadoo / Sihr) .r7 

What Is Jinn Presence Or Possession?.r8 

Symptoms of Jinn Presence or Possession.2r 

Who Is A Raaqi?.22 

Who Are We?.23 

Who Is Ruqyah South Africa.23 

What Makes Us Different?.24 

Who Is Sheikh Ben Halima Abderraouf?.25 

Our Objects and Visions.28 

The Treatment .30 

Everyday Protections.44 

To Defeat Your Enemies in Your Sleep.49 

The Curse Prayer.49 

Verses Which Cancel Sorcery.50 


l|Ruqyah SA - Self Treatment for Patients 
























J3 j>SL*S£> ^o'^-J\ 


The mystical subject of Sihr, Jinn and Evil Eye is and has been a 
topic of taboo in many cultures in and around the globe for 
centuries. Ruqyah South Africa, an organization established by the 
mercy of Almighty Allah, is dedicated and perseveres in the 
education and training of Ruqyah with its main aim being the 
eradication of evil. 

The Mission Statement? To eliminate sorcery, witchcraft and all 
evil by the will of Allah TAALA wherever it may exist. 

Ruqyah South Africa, built on the foundations of Sheikh 
Abderraouf Ben Halima’s teachings, endeavours. The aim is to 
serve humanity in eradicating all types of afflictions of magic by 
means of Qur’an and the Sunnah. 

In striving with the mission statement the Raqis move forward 
with one goal in mind, Al Istisaal, (the Eradication) of evil. It also 
aims to safeguard oneself from all forms of shirk by turning directly 
towards Allah Ta’ala for shifaa through the teachings of the 
Shariah, and no other methodologies which is against Islam and 
the Mu’min way of life. 

May Allah M alleviate the darkness we are surrounded by and 
grant us the advantage over and against our enemies. 

It Is Our Duty To Help The Believers 


2|Ruqyah SA - Self Treatment for Patients 



RUOYAH IN SOUTH AFRICA 

Alhamdulillah, many South African people (and in fact people 
around the world) are beginning to become aware of Ruqyah. Just 
a year or two ago, it was, to the majority of South Africans, a 
completely new term. There are more than 7 Ruqyah Centres 
affilliated to Ruqyah South Africa and is expanding as Ruqyah is 
quickly becoming the popular method of treating sihr. 

Nevertheless, the first questions most of our Raaqis still receive 
from first time patients are mostly questions like "What exactly is 
Ruqyah?", "Can you first tell us more about this Ruqyah?” Where 
does this Ruqyah come from?" When Arab people hear this, they 
are shocked. "A country which has come so far in deen is unaware 
of Ruqyah?” 

I remember a few years ago when one of our ustaadhs, Sheikh 
Aizzedeen was being interviewed by CII with regards to Ruqyah 
the first question the interviewer had was "What is Ruqyah?" 
Sheikh Aizzedeen was so taken aback that in his own words he said 
"I almost fell off my chair!" 

How do South African people not know about one of the most 
basic aspects of Islam? 

The truth is we do know Ruqyah. We have learnt about it in 
primary school maddressa. Our Ulama have learnt the Hadith 
which speak about Ruqyah in our Darul Ulooms. In fact most of us 
have at sometime in our lives practiced Ruqyah! 

Shocked? Don't be! 


3|Ruqyah SA - Self Treatment for Patients 



Have you ever read your "four Quls" and blown on yourself?...Then 
you have done "Ruqyah" on yourself. If any parent reads "Ayatul 
Kursi" for protection for their children? Ruqyah again! 

So is Ruqyah something new or alien to us? The latest trend to hit 
our shores? No, quite the opposite. It’s really going back to our 
roots, going back to the way things were done in the time of our 

Nabi it . 


So what exactly is Ruqyah? Ruqyah means reciting Qur’an and 
supplications (Duas) reported from the Messenger of Allah «§g over 
someone as a means of protection, or over the sick as a means of 
being cured. It is an excellent means of cure. Nabi it used to recite 

over the sick and so did the Sahaabah may Allah be pleased 
with them. 

Did you know that Jibraeel performed Ruqyah on Nabi l§g? 
Abu Sa'id Al-Khudri 4§6> reported: Jibraeel came to the 
Messenger it and said: ”0 Muhammad! Do you feel sick?” He it 
said,’’Yes.” Jibril supplicated thus: 

’’Bismillahi arqika, min kulli shay’in yu’dhika, min sharri lculli 
nafsin aw ' ayni hasid, Allahu yashfika, bismillahi arqika. 


4|Ruqyah SA - Self Treatment for Patients 



[With the Name of Allah. I recite over you (perform Ruqyah on 
you) from all that troubles you, and from every harmful mischief 
and from the evil of the eyes of an envier. Allah will cure you; and 
with the Name of Allah, I recite over you].” 

(Sahih Muslim 2186 ; Sunan At-Tirmidhi 972) 

In fact in the time of Nabi it whenever someone had any problem, 
whether a problem of Jinn, or sickness, or even being bitten by a 
snake, the first thing they would do was to recite Qur'aan on them. 

Take a look at this beautiful hadith about the sahaba 
performing Ruqyah: 

Abu Saeed Al-Khudri narrated: "Some of the Sahaabah 

(companions) of Nabi Muhammad H went on a journey till they 
reached some of the Arab tribes (at night). They asked the tribe to 
treat them as their guests but they refused. The chief of that tribe 
was then bitten by a snake (or stung by a scorpion) and they tried 
their best to cure him but in vain. 

Some of them said (to the others), ‘Nothing has benefited him, will 
you go to the people who resided here at night, it may be that some 
of them might possess something (as treatment).’ 

They went to the group of Sahaabah 4I& (companions of Nabi 

Muhammad M) and said, "Our chief has been bitten by a snake (or 
stung by a scorpion) and we have tried everything but he has not 
benefited. Have you got anything (useful)?" 

One of them replied, ‘Yes, by Allah! I can recite a Ruqyah, but as 
you have refused to accept us as your guests, I will not recite the 
prayer for you unless you fix some wages for it.' 

5|Ruqyah SA - Self Treatment for Patients 



They agreed to pay them a flock of sheep. One of them then recited 
Surah Al-Faatihah and blew over the chief who became right as if 
he was released from a chain, and got up and started walking, 
showing no signs of sickness. They paid them what they agreed to 
pay. 

Some of them (i.e. the Sahaabah 4 §b) then suggested dividing their 
earnings among themselves, but the one who performed the 
recitation said, 'Do not divide them till we go to Nabi Muhammad 

it and tell the whole story to him, and wait for his order.' So, they 
went to Allah’s Messenger it and narrated the story, Allah’s 
Messenger it asked: “How did you come to know that the Surah 

Al-Fatihah could be recited as a Ruqyah?” Then he «§g added: “You 
have done the right thing. Divide (what you have earned) and 
assign a share for me as well.” (Tirmidhi) 

Yes it is that simple, that's what Ruqyah is: reading Qur’aan and 
Duaas over people with niyyah (intention) of shifaa (cure). But is 
it effective you ask? Can my 20 year old jinn and jadu problem that 
I have seen 40 moulanas for be cured that easily? Yes. Of course 
you need a trained Raaqi (practitioner of Ruqyah) to help you 
diagnose your problem first, you need to know which particular 
ayats (verses) to read for your particular problem, how to read it, 
how often to read, how many times to read, when to read etc. but 
simply speaking, yes there is no case which is too big for the 
Qur’aan and Sunnah. 

For sorcery (black magic, jadu) especially the remedy is the 
Qur'aan because sorcery is made with satanic words, which are 
cancelled by the words of Allah H. 

6|Ruqyah SA - Self Treatment for Patients 



Almighty Allah M says: "And We sent down in the Qur'aan such 
things that have healing and mercy for the believers." 

(Aayah 82 Surah an-Najm 17) 

Almighty Allah $£> says: "If We had sent down this Qur'aan upon 
a mountain, you would have seen it (the mountain) humbled and 
coming apart from the fear of Allah. And these examples We 
present to the people that perhaps they will give thought." 

(Aayah 21 Surah A1 Hashr 59) 

Aisha narrated: "Whenever Allah’s Nabi it became sick, he 
would recite Surah Al-Falaq and Surah An-Nas and then blow his 
breath over his body. When he became seriously ill, I used to recite 
(these two Surahs) and rub his hands over his body for its 
blessings." (Sahih Al-Bukhari 5016) 

Suratul-Fatihah, the opening surah of the Qur'an, is also 
recommended as a cure for sicknesses and diseases. 

Allah's Messenger : |§ said, "Fatihatul Kitab (Surah al Faatiha) 
contains healing for every disease." (Tirmidhi) 

Aisha narrated that the Nabi $H, used the following Duaa when 
family members were sick, "Allahumma Rabban-nas, adh-hibil- 
ba's, washfi, Antash-Shafee, la shifa'a, ilia shifa'uk, shifa'an la 
yughadiru saqaman. 

[O Allah, Sustainer of mankind! Remove this disease and cure him. 
You are the Great Curer, there is no cure but through You that 
leaves behind no disease.]" (Bukhari and Muslim) 

7|Ruqyah SA - Self Treatment for Patients 



It was narrated that Ubaid bin Rifa’ah Az-Zuraqi said: Asma (bint 
Umaish) said, “O Allah’s Messenger! The children of Ja’far have 
been afflicted by the evil eye, shall I recite Ruqyah for them?” He 

it said, “Yes, for if anything were to overtake the Divine Decree, it 
would be the evil eye.” 

(Hadith No. 3510, Chapters on Medicine, Sunan Ibn Majah, Vol. 4; 
Hadith No. 2059, Chapters on medicine, Jami’ At-Tirmidhi, Vol. 4). 

So Alhamdulillah, it is clear from hadith that Ruqyah was the way 

practised and recommended by our Nabi »§g and as such, there can 
be no greater motivation for us to practise Ruqyah. It is Sunnah, 
simple, effective and really the only way you should be treating 
yourself if you have a magic (jadu), jinn or evil-eye (nazr) problem. 

Ruqyah is commonly translated in English as "incantation" which 
carries a negative meaning, since the word incantation is usually 
associated with magic, spells, and witchcraft. However, Ruqyah in 
Islam is the recitation of Qur'aan (tilawat), seeking of refuge 
(ta'aawuz), remembrance (zikr) and supplications (duas) that are 
used as a means of treating sicknesses and other problems. 

The Nabi «§g said: “There is nothing wrong with Ruqyah that does 
not involve shirk.” (Sahih Muslim 4079) 

Nabi it told Amr ibnul Aas 4 }b, "Place your hand where you feel 
pain and say 'Bismillah' three times, and then repeat seven times 

A'oudho bi'izzatil-Iahi wa qudratihi min sharri ma ajidu wa 'uhadhir. 

[I seek refuge with Allah and with His Power from the evil that 
afflicts me and that which I apprehend.]" (Muslim) 


8|Ruqyah SA - Self Treatment for Patients 



MAGIC AND SORCERY 


Allah says: “Consistently, when a messenger went to the 
previous generations, they said, “Magician,”or, “Crazy.” 

Men have always known the phenomenon of sorcery and 
possession by Jinn (spirits), only modern materialism rejects it in 
the name of science, trying to explain it all by psychological 
problems and superstitions. It is surprising to see that some Imams 
and scholars deny the reality of these phenomenons. 

While Allah clearly assesses the veracity of its effect “These two 
did not divulge such knowledge. Without pointing out: “This 
is a test. You shall not abuse such knowledge.”But the people 
used it in such evil schemes as the breaking up of marriages. 
They can never harm anyone against the will of Allah.” 

We also know how the Nabi ilwas a victim of Sihr and fell sick 
until Allah sent Angels to inform Him that he has been charmed 
with hair and knots put under a stone in a dry well used for toilets. 
He then had to send companions to fetch it and the knots opened 
by the recitation of the two protection surahs. 

Nabi it health recovered after that. Sorcery is therefore a reality. 


9 | R uqyah S A - Self Treatment for Patients 



THE FOUR SYMPTOMS OF SORCERY AND TINN 

1. Blockages in Fife: 

The person will be affected in work, money, marriage, studies, 
contests, un-kept promises, and bad luck. When these deadlocks 
are unusual and repetitive until they become systematic then 
we know it is sorcery. 

2. Unusual Health Problems: 

The person will also have unexplainable and permanent pains, 
strange diseases medicine can’t explain like open wounds, 
migraines, pain in the whole body, joint pains, sterility and erectile 
dysfunction and skin diseases like psoriases or crone. These will 
also be unusual and repetitive until they become systematic 
and doctors will not understand the cause of the problem. 

3. Unusual Mental States: 

The person will feel extreme uncontrollable anger, irritability, 
sadness, depression, oversight, lack of self-confidence, lack of 
concentration, memory loss, hearing or seeing things eventually 
until insanity. The person may also have extreme fear for now 
reasons or always feel that someone or something is watching or 
following them. 

4. Bad Dreams: 

The person will have dreams of pursuit, snakes, cats and dogs, bulls 
or vicious animals, fighting or war, masks or statues, water or 
drowning, high places or flying, death or graves, travelling, fire, 

10|Ruqyah SA - Self Treatment for Patients 



meat or fish and persistent sexual dreams. These will also be 
unusual and recurrent until they become systematic. The 
person will sometimes find blue marks or scratches on the body. 
Women may even be raped in their dreams. 

WHAT IS EVIL EYE/NAZR? 

The evil eye is the name for a sickness or misfortune transmitted, 
usually with or without intention, by someone who is envious, 
jealous, and covetous from among man or jinn. It could affect 
children, adults, livestock, vehicles, property, businesses and any 
land of materialistic items. 

PROOFS FROM THE SHARIAH 

Qur'aan- 

Almighty Allah says: “And verily, those who disbelieve would 
almost make you slip with their eyes...” 

(Aayah 51, Surah Al-Qalam, 68) 

Almighty Allah says:“..And from the evil of the envier when he 
envied.” (Aayah 5 Surah A1 Falaq 113) 

Hadith 

Narrated by Abdullah ibn Abbas 4 §b : Allah's Messenger it said: 
‘The influence of an ‘evil eye’ is real; if anything would precede the 
destiny it would be the influence of an ‘evil eye’.’ 

(Sahih Muslim Hadith 5427) 

Narrated by Jabir bin Abdullah 4§k “Evil-eye is true. It could put a 
camel in the cooking pot and a man in the grave.” 

(Kashfu’l-Khafa, 2: 76, narrated Abu Naim) 

ll|Ruqyah S A - Self Treatment for Patients 



We are advised to recite ‘Masha Allah’, to prevent the casting-out 
of an evil eye, therefore one should say ‘Masha Allah’ when praising 
or looking at anyone or anything with excitement. 

SYMPTOMS OF EVIL EYE/NAZR 

The list below are some of the signs of the effects of the evil eye. 
Please note that with all three inflictions (the evil eye, black magic 
and jinn) the list of symptoms provided in this treatise is not 
exhaustive. Also, these symptoms could be caused by other means. 
It is meant only as general information for educational purposes. 
For an accurate and comprehensive diagnosis please see a trained 
professional. 

> Changing of the colour of the face. The faces of people will 
go dark, some pale, or a yellow pallor. 

> Finding it hard to sleep during the night and feeling sleepy 
during the day. Sweating while sleeping from the forehead, 
back, hands and feet. 

> Feeling of boredem, hopelessness, carelessness, listlessness, 
and or apathy. 

> Frequent urination although you are not diabetic. 

> Aspirations feel out of reach. Whatever ambitions you have. 

> You feel as though you are incapable, or that you should 
postpone trying. 

> No zest or zeal for life. 

> No desire to do things you used to enjoy doing or were good 
at. 

> Inability to do things you used to enjoy doing or were good 
at. 


12|Ruqyah SA - Self Treatment for Patients 



> Headaches that move from one part of the head to another. 

> Weak appetite. 

> Heat or cold in the limbs. 

> Palpitations in the heart. 

> Pain in the lower back and shoulders. 

> Sadness and anxiety. 

> Strong reactions due to abnormal fears. 

> Withdrawal and love of solitude. 

WHAT IS BLACK-MAGIC (JAADOO / SIHR)? 

Sihr is the word used by Allah in the Qur’aan for magic. Sihr is 
among the occult sciences. Literally, the definition of Sihr is - 
“Every effect whose cause or origin is subtle, mysterious or 
supernatural is Sihr.” (Lisaanul Arab and Qaamoos). 

In the literal sense of the term, Sihr will apply to all things and 
effects whose causes and origin are unknown, subtle, mysterious, 
supernatural and incomprehensive, irrespective of whether the 
causes of the effects and manifestations are tangible or intangible, 
visible or invisible, material or immaterial, natural or supernatural. 

As long as the causes or the relationship between the cause and 
effect remain concealed, the circumstance will be literally 
described as Sihr. 

Examples of such hidden and mysterious causes are: 

> Incantations, words uttered or recited. 

> Special formulae and potions prepared. 

> Jinn and shayateen. 


13|Ruqyah SA - Self Treatment for Patients 



> Power of the mind. 

> Stars, planets and other heavenly bodies. 

> A concealed magnet. 


The above are merely some hidden causes of events that come 
within the literal definition of the word, Sihr. Besides these, there 
are a great variety of effects in nature; the causes of which are 
hidden, subtle or mysterious. Such effects of obscure causes can all 
be described as Sihr in the literal sense of the term. 

Sihr in the terminology of the Shariah does not cover all effects 
with hidden causes. The definition of Sihr in shar'i terms is: “Sihr 
is an act in which proximity to Shaitaan is gained and by virtue of 
shaaitaan's aid, the act becomes Sihr (magic).” (Lisaanul Arab) 

Sihr in the shar'i sense thus refers to all such acts, manifestations, 
effects and demonstrations achieved by means of Satanic influence 
and aid. The aid, influence and proximity to shayateen are 
obtained by pleasing them. The pleasure of the shayateen can be 
obtained in several ways: 

1. Uttering incantations of leufr and shirk. 

2. Lauding praise on Shaitaan. 

3. Worshiping the stars and planets. 

4. Murdering an innocent person and drinking his blood. 

5. Remaining perpetually in state of impurity (Janaabat). 
Basically black-magic involves impurities, shayateen, jinn, 
satanic rituals, kufr (disbelief) and shirk (polytheism). 


14|Ruqyah SA - Self Treatment for Patients 



PROOFS FROM THE SHARIAH 

Qur'aan- 

Almighty Allah says: 

"And they followed [instead] what the devils had recited during the 
reign of Solomon. It was not Solomon, who disbelieved, but the 
devils disbelieved, teaching people magic and that which was 
revealed to the two angels at Babylon, Harut and Marut. But the 
two angels did not teach anyone unless they say, "We are a trial, so 
do not disbelieve [by practicing magic]." And [yet] they learnt from 
them which they cause separation between a man and his wife. But 
they do not harm anyone through it except by the permission of 
Allah. And the people learn what harms them and does not benefit 
them. But the Children of Israel certainly knew that whoever 
purchased the magic would not have in the Hereafter any share. 
And wretched is that for which they sold themselves, if they only 
knew.” (Aayah 102 Surah A 1 Baqarah 2) 

Almighty Allah says:"And from the evil of those who blow upon 
knots" (Aayah 4 Surah A 1 Falaq ri3) 

Hadith- 

Nabi M said: “Whoever blows on knots practices magic, and 
whoever practices magic is a mushrik (polytheist).” 

(Reported by At-Tabarani) 

Abdullah ibn Mas' ud reported: “Anyone who goes to a diviner, 
a practitioner of magic or a soothsayer, asking something and 
believing in what he says, denies what was revealed to Muhammad 
if.” (Reported by Al-Bazzar and Abu Ya' la) 


15|Ruqyah SA - Self Treatment for Patients 



'Aisha (A) narrated: 


Magic was worked on the Nabi so that he began to think that he 
was doing a thing which he was not actually doing. One day he 
invoked (Allah) for a long period and then said, "I feel that Allah 
has inspired me as how to cure myself. 

Two persons came to me (in my dream) and sat, one by my head 
and the other by my feet. One of them asked the other, "What is 
the ailment of this man?" The other replied, 'He has been 
bewitched" The first asked, 'Who has bewitched him?' The other 
replied, 'Lubaid bin Al-A'sam.' The first one asked, 'What material 
has he used?' The other replied, 'A comb, the hair gathered on it, 
and the outer skin of the pollen of the male date-palm.' The first 
asked, 'Where is that?' The other replied, 'It is in the well of 
Dharwan.' " 

So, the Nabi went out towards the well and then returned and said 
to me on his return, "Its date-palms (the date-palms near the well) 
are like the heads of the devils." I asked, "Did you take out those 
things with which the magic was worked?" He said, "No, for I have 
been cured by Allah and I am afraid that this action may spread 
evil amongst the people." Later on the well was filled up with earth. 

(Sahih Bukhari 490) 

It should be noted that we live in a world of cause and effect. When 
someone engages in the sinful and evil practice of black magic, it 
may cause negative influence upon the individual who was 
targeted. However, it must be unambiguously clear that this is all 
through the knowledge and power of Almighty Allah fl. 

16|Ruqyah SA - Self Treatment for Patients 



SYMPTOMS OF BLACK-MAGIC (TAADOO / SIHR) 

With regards to Sihr there are four main symptoms which are: 

> Systematic and repeated blockages in life (personal and 
Professional). 

> Untreatable and/or unexplained medical conditions. 

> Unusual mental states (excessive anger, depression, or 
fear). 

> Specific nightmares or dreams 

All other symptoms fall broadly into one of the above four 
categories. 

> Feeling relaxed or calm out of your home while feeling 
anxious, and apprehensive at home. 

> Fighting with your spouse for no reason, or for small 
reasons. 

> Unappreciation of good done by the spouse. 

> Feelings of love when apart from the spouse with feelings of 
loathing when together. 

> Inability to produce offspring even though both husband 
and wife are medically fit. 

> Hair loss. 

> Constant headaches and/or body pains. 

> Stomach/digestive problems. 

> Rashes, eczema, psoriasis or other skin disorders. 

> Irregular menstrual periods in females or other 
gynaecological problems. 

> Difficulties in having intimate relations between spouses. 

> Heat in the body or falling asleep during Qur'aan recitation. 


17|Ruqyah SA - Self Treatment for Patients 



WHAT IS TINN PRESENCE OR POSSESSION? 
DEFINITION: 

Jinn or Djinn are mentioned frequently in the Quran (the 72nd 
surah is titled Surat al-Jinn) and other Islamic texts. They inhabit 
an unseen world in dimensions beyond the visible universe of 
humans. The Quran says that the jinn are made of a smokeless and 
"scorching fire", but are also physical in nature, being able to 
interact physically with people. The jinn, humans and angels are 
the three well known creations of Allah. Like human beings, the 
jinn can be good, evil, or neutrally benevolent and hence have free 
will like humans and unlike angels. 

The Qur an also mentions that Muhammad #f was sent as a Nabi 
to both "humanity and the jinn", and that Nabis and messengers 
were sent to both communities. 

They are usually invisible to humans, but humans do appear clearly 
to jinn. Jinn have the power to travel large distances at extreme 
speeds and are thought to live mainly in remote areas, mountains, 
seas, trees, and the air, in their own communities. Like humans, 
jinn will also be judged on the Day of Judgement and will be sent 
to Paradise or Hell according to their deeds. 


18|Ruqyah SA - Self Treatment for Patients 



PROOFS FROM THE SHARIAH: 


Qur'aan- 

Almighty Allah says: "And verily, We created mankind from the 
sounding clay of altered mud and the jinn We created before from 
the smokeless fire" (Aayah 26 - 27 Surah Al-Hijr 15) 

Almighty Allah says: "O children of Adam, let not Satan tempt you 
as he removed your parents from Paradise, stripping them of their 
clothing to show them their private parts. Indeed, he sees you, he 
and his tribe, from where you do not see them. Indeed, We have 
made the devils allies to those who do not believe." 
(Aayah 27 Surah Al-A' raf 7) 

Hadith- 

Ya'la Ibn Murah ■*, who says: 

"I saw Allah's Messenger H do three things which no one before or 
after me saw. I went with him on a trip. On the way, we passed by 
a woman sitting at the roadside with a young boy. She called out, 
'O Messenger of Allah, this boy is afflicted with a trial, and from 
him we have also been afflicted with a trial. 

I don't know how many times per day he is seized by fits.' He if 
said: 'Give him to me.' So she lifted him up to the Nabi if. 

He if then placed the boy between himself and the middle of the 
saddle, opened the boy's mouth and blew in it three times, saying, 
'In the name of Allah, I am the slave of Allah, get out, enemy of 
Allah!' 


19|Ruqyah SA - Self Treatment for Patients 



Then he gave the boy back to her and said: 'Meet us on our return 
at this same place and inform us how he has fared.' We then went. 
On our return, we found her in the same place with three sheep. 
When he said to her, 'How has your son fared?' She replied: 'By the 
one who sent you with the truth, we have not detected anything 
(unusual) in his behavior up to this time.'" 

(Musnad Ahmad (vol: 4, p. 170), and al-Haakim, who declared it 
Saheeh) 

Thee authentic narration above describes how Allah's Messenger 
M commanded the Jinn possessing the boy, to leave. 

The Messenger of Allah it is reported to have said: 

"Iblees has placed his throne above the water (sea) and then he 
sends his detachments. The closest of them to him are those who 
cause the greatest trial. One of them comes back to him and says: 
I did such and such. Shaytaan replies: You have not done anything. 
Then another comes to him and says: I did not leave him alone 
until I caused division between him and his wife." He M said: "So 
Shaytaan brings him closer to himself and says: You did well". 
(Saheeh Muslim) 

The Jinn can cause mental disturbance via. Waswasaa 
(whispering). They will continue to speak to you in matters of 
faith/relationships/ and this will be targeted to that particular 
person. They will address their areas of weakness and will target 
them to fall into sin. 


20|Ruqyah SA - Self Treatment for Patients 



> Jinn can possess humans. 

> Jinn can have sexual intercourse with humans (male and 
female). 

> Jinn can cause disturbance via. Electronic devices. 

> Jinn can come to you in different shapes and forms. 

> The jinn can influence your relationships. 

SYMPTOMS OF JINN PRESENCE OR POSSESSION 

> Bad dreams about aggressive animals such as being chased by 
Snakes, scorpions, dogs, etc. 

> A feeling of falling when falling asleep. 

> Feeling lazy for ibadah (worship), you might even probably 
stop doing ibadah (worship). 

> Feeling distant from your family. 

> Being scared for no reason. 

> Panic attacks. 

> Burning under the feet. 

> Feeling a presence with you in the room, or like you are being 
watched. 

> See fast moving black shadows from the corner of your eye. 

> Sleep paralysis. 

> Person is unable to stand Qur’aan recitation or feels very 
anxious when reading Qur'aan. 

> Fainting or seizures when Qur'aan is read. 


21|Ruqyah SA - Self Treatment for Patients 



WHO IS A RAAQI? 


Simply speaking a Raaqi is a practioner who has studied and 
understands the science of ruqyah according to the Qur’aan and 
Sunnah and who has dedicated his or her life to fighting the battle 
against shirk, sihr( magic), jinn and the treatment of evil eye and 
envy. 

WHAT ARE THE QUALITIES OF A RAAQI? 

A Raaqi should be able to fluently recite Qur'aan. His belief in the 
words of the Qur'aan should be strong and he should practice upon 
it. The more focus is put into the recitation, the more powerful will 
the ruqya effect be , with the permission of Allah. 

Now, a level of righteousness on behalf of Raaqi that is powerful 
enough to remove sorcery and evil eye needs to be defined. 

The person must have experienced accepted prayers and obtained 
divine responses at least from time to time in difficult situations. 

He should also try to solve serious problems by beseeching Allah 
and amongst others, he should adopt taqwa (piety), be Allah 
fearing and be a righteous, practicing Muslim. 

The situation with Ruqyah is similar: the Raaqi appeals to Allah to 
cure the patient and uses Allah’s words. 

There are higher faith levels but that is not a condition to cure 
people, though it is obvious that the more faith we have, the more 
efficient we will be in healing. 


22|Ruqyah SA - Self Treatment for Patients 



We can recite Qur'aan with speed, but what is more important is 
to feel each verse and the word we read. With practice, the Raaqi 
tries to perfect his concentration, begging Allah for the patients’ 
shifaa, while keeping the meaning of the verses in mind, and 
reading with emotion, power, speed and of course following the 
rules of tajweed. 

We cannot say that a Raaqi must be sinless or make thikr 24 hours 
a day, but obviously, he must strive to adhere to the orders of Allah, 
and must try to stay away from all sin. 

WHO ARE WE? 

Ruqyah South Africa is a team of Ruqa (plural or Raaqi) who have 
studied together under the same Ustaadhs. Though our 
backgrounds and lives are varied, our aims and methods are 
united. Alhamdulillah. Our method of Ruqyah is primarily that of 
Sheikh Abder Rauf Ben Halima, and we are associated to his 
international group of Ruqa. This has many benefits beside the 
guidance and mentorship of a man who has completely dedicated 
his life to the science of Ruqyah and has been a pioneer in this field 
for more than 19 years. 

WHO IS RUQYAH SOUTH AFRICA 

Ruqyah SA is an organisation of Ruqaa (plural of raaqi) who have 
enjoyed the privilege of studying and practising Ruqyah under 
Sheikh Ben Halima Abder Raouf. We have adopted his method 
primarily, and adapted it to the South African context in terms of 
setting, administration and legalities as well as Islamic legislature 
and Fiqh. 

23|Ruqyah SA - Self Treatment for Patients 



Many of us have been victims of Sihr and Jinn ourselves which has 
established this inner motivation of helping others affected by the 
same. We are fighting a battle against falsehood, shirk and 
sorcerers for the pleasure of Allah. 

Currently, we are treating and establishing Ruqyah centres 
throughout South Africa. In areas where there is no centre 
established, we visit our patients at their venues from time to time 
and at times due to inconvenience, we take advantage of 
technological means. We have incorporated social media as well as 
email as an effective form of awareness and communication to the 
South African Muslim population at large. 

It is our aim to introduce this developing science to the greater 
South African Muslim community via usage of mass media as well 
as awareness campaigns which will also aid in establishing centres 
and building long lasting partnerships with Ulama Councils and 
individual communities. All of the above is strictly under the 
guidance of righteous Ulama and within the confines of Shariah. 
We hope to train more people in order to expand on this wonderful 
science which is derived from the Quraan and Sunnah. 

WHAT MAKES US DIFFERENT? 

Some methods of Ruqyah prove more effective than others. The 
objective is not to compare methods of Ruqyah and compete with 
people who practice this much needed Islamic science worldwide, 
rather the objective is the removing of sihr (black magic) 
stimulated by shirk (polytheism) to make the lives of our fellow 
Man more pleasant globally. 


24|Ruqyah SA - Self Treatment for Patients 



Our Ruqaa always endeavour to provide you the best service with 
expert advice in all the components of Ruqyah. We pride ourselves 
in taking the extra mile in making certain that the blockages which 
you once faced are now an obscure scene only through the 
permission and help of Allah $£.. 

We will always strive to the best of our ability in ensuring that the 
privacy, dignity and honour of all our brothers and sisters whom 
Allah has blessed us to assist, remains intact. 

We never turn patients away due to finances or that their “case” 
may be too strong. No “case” is too strong. We are but human and 
can err from time to time. We humbly seek your forgiveness in 
advance should any of these unfortunate circumstances arise. 

WHO IS SHEIKH BEN HALIMA ABDER RAQUF? 

Sheikh Ben Halima Abder Raouf was born in Tunisia in 1967 from 
a Tunisian father and an American mother. He grew up in both 
cultures until he embraced Islam at the age of fifteen. He since 
engaged in learning and teaching Islam through student, youth 
and dawah organisations. He continued his studies in France in 
1986 where he settled. A statistical and economic engineer and 
Olympic mathematical champion, he also memorised Quran on 
his own an achieved a master degree in Arabic. After tremendous 
experience in dawah in various communities and countries, he 

gave his full time to Islamic activities from 1995 and founded a 
French Islamic publishing house where he wrote, translated and 
edited 20 books, including the translation of “Hayatus Sahabah”. 


25|Ruqyah SA - Self Treatment for Patients 



Sheikh Ben Halima Abder Raouf has been practicing Ruqyah 
professionally since 1997 and from 2005 spends most of the year on 
campaign explaining Ruqyah and shirk issues, treating, training 
and establishing Ruqyah centres throughout the world. 

It is important to note that Sheikh Ben Halima Abder Raouf does 
not ascribe to the constituents of Amaliyyaat which at times 
may/may not involve the use of Taweez and other such 
activities/constituents which do not have a solid footing in terms 
of evidence from Quraan and Sunnah. 

It is also important to note that the science of Ruqyah is a 
developing one, and Ruqaa (people who practice Ruqyah) develop 
new trends and methods over time. The developing trends can be 
questionable since Ruqyah is not a complete science prescribed in 
the Quraan and Sunnah. Therefore advice and verdicts is required 
by and sought from Muslim scholars that specialise in the field of 
Fiqh to authenticate these new developing methods. 
Alhamdulillah, Sheikh Ben Halima Abder Raouf has sought such 
council from various Ulama nationally and internationally and 
many of them have recommended and approved his method of 
Ruqyah. 

Allah H has ensured much success with this method, that many 
have inculcated his method of Ruqyah in their lives, media 
organisations have promoted his works and have hosted him on 
numerous occasions with interviews linked to his method of 
Ruqyah, centres have been established worldwide and Ulama 
Councils have authenticated his works and method. 


26|Ruqyah SA - Self Treatment for Patients 



Outing and activities of dawah and tabligh really shaped Sheikh 
Ben Halima Abder Raoufs’ training in spirituality, predication and 
group management. His first three days outing was in England in 
1983 when he was sixteen, then first forty days in 1987 in Pakistan. 
Since then he did 19 times “forty days” in addition to the four 
months, and even learnt Urdu to have direct contact with leaders. 

The dawah and tabligh activity is a unique framework to 
understand the effort of the Prophet ft. The tabligh is often 
blamed to be an “old fashioned” way of preaching and people think 
it should take advantage of modern techniques therefore missing 
the point of tablighs’goal and spirit. The tabligh is not a missionary 
organisation but a training one, and you will not be trained by 
preaching on radio or in newspaper, but by facing all kinds of 
people in the streets, by being belittled any time you are mocked 
or humiliated, by using all kinds of wisdoms to touch peoples’ 
heart and by imploring Allah every night to guide them. This is the 
training that matches most of Sahaaba sfe which reproduces the 
Prophets’ ft life and enables us to live the Quran. 



27|Ruqyah SA - Self Treatment for Patients 



OUR OBJECTS AND VISIONS 

There are six objectives of Ruqyah under the banner of Sheikh ben 
Halima: 

1. To help people who are afflicted with evil eye (Nazr), magic 
(Jaadoo) or Jinn. 

2. To protect the Imaan and Aqeedah (beliefs) of Muslims from 
shirk (polythiesm). 

3. Da’wah (Islamic Propagation) to non Muslims who come for 
Ruqyah. 

4. To fight shirk, magic and sorcerers. 

5. To break the business of Aamils (practioners) or Ruqaa who 
overcharge and keep the knowledge of Ruqyah a secret. 

6. To assist the community socially, as many people stuck in 
substance abuse, prostitution, crime etc have magic done to them 
to ruin their lives. 

Our vision is to eradicate shirk from the lives of people and bring 
total reliance in Allah $£. also to have at least one Raaqi per home 
or family. Insha Allah. 

The method of Sheikh Ben Halima Abderraouf is simple and is 
offered to anyone who wants to learn, treat himself, his family and 
or others. 

In this way it is a Jihad, a struggle for the sake of Allah H. You 
are also being oppressed and the dua of the oppressed is always 
answered and you must stand up all night making salaah and dua 
so it must work. You must take dua very seriously. 

28|Ruqyah SA - Self Treatment for Patients 



An example, is how a saahir (magician) makes knots on a person 
many times and when the person tries to remove the knots it will 
take time because the knots are tied over and over again and the 
sihr (magic) will be complicated and this is how the saahir will 
become famous and improve his business. You can see that the 
saahir will spend the whole night making the sihr and praying to 
Shaytaan (or their gods) yet we cannot spend one night praying to 
Allah, yet we expect the help and protection from Allah. 

The thing is that if the people working for Shaytaan are ready to 
make all sorts of sacrifices for Shaytaan then we must be ready to 
make many sacrifices for Allah, otherwise this is how they are 
going to beat us. We have the truth and we have Qur’aan but we 
are not working hard with it. 

As a Muslim how can we be afraid of Shaytaan and sorcerers? 
Sorcerers pray over and over to Shaytaan and all he does is just give 
them very little power so if you are not afraid of Shaytaan then why 
be afraid of the very little power of a sorcerer. Remember that 
whatever you do for Islam, Shaytaan will fight you. 

If you look at the people making Sihr - they are not afraid of Allah 
or people and are so proud and will even admit to you that they 
even made sihr on you but we the ones who pray to Allah and 
believe in Allah yet we are afraid of them. This is how they beat us. 
The work of Ruqyah is to fight against Shaytaan for surely he has 
waged war against man from the beginning of creation of man 
until Qiyaamah. May Allah help and protect us. 


29|Ruqyah SA - Self Treatment for Patients 



THE TREATMENT 


The treatment is done over a period of 12 days. You must not 
miss a day of treatment, perform all your salaah, increase on 
Qur’aan and other a’maal (good deeds). One cannot expect any 
treatments or the help to come from Allah if one is sinning. 

If you are sinning, do NOT blame the treatment and say 
that Qur’aan does not work. 

If you are going on holiday or away, then you can still continue 
with treatment wherever you go. 

The determination is up to you. 

HOW TO TREAT YOURSELF WHEN AFFECTED BY SIHR, 

AYN AND/OR JINN 

What you will need: 

A. A large bucket that can accomadate at least 25lts. 

B. Olive oil (or any oil you can apply to your skin.) 

C. Senna leaves 

E. Incense sticks 

F. Qur'aan sheets 

The size of the bucket does not have to be specific, so you can 
use a bigger or smaller bucket or any dish, as long as the amount 
of water being made is approximately the same. 

Choose a time of the day where you will have at least an hour of 
uninterrupted time to yourself (amount of time required 
depends on the speed and fluency of your Qur’aan reading), 
preferably if possible after Maghrib or Esha salaah. 


30|Ruqyah SA - Self Treatment for Patients 



Step One: Make a perfect whudhu with miswaak and sit in a clean 
paak place. Fill your bucket with water leave it open in front of you. 
Open your oil, incense, senna etc. also and lay them in front of you. 
Place one of the Qur'aanic sheets you received into the bucket of 
water. 

Step Two: Read the Ruqyah 

- Read with concentration and devotion. Focus. 

- Read with humility and respect, in a way that you are begging 
Allah M for assistance. 

- Read with strength. It should not be read in a soft melodious tune 
but rather in a stern, aggressive way. 

- A good way to understand it is that you are using the Qur’aan as 
a weapon. So if you think of a sword, if you strike hard with power 
you will obviously cause more damage than if you strike softly or 
meekly with it. 

- Know and understand the meaning of what you are reading. 


31|Ruqyah SA - Self Treatment for Patients 



Recite ALL of the following eleven times each: 
Surah Faatihah 


■ ■■ j- ,sJ\ (JJ-**4 Jo l > 


j=>\jya© ftuaJLZJlS \ b\jyd\ t5u^\©(^* t xiLiLj.£5lj\j 


_>^c- 


A-‘oo-zu-bil-laa-hi-mi-nash-shay-taa-nir-ra-jeem 

Bis-mil-laa-hir-rah-maa-nir-ra-heem 

1. Al-ham-du-lil-laa-hi-rab-bil-’aaa-la-meeen* 

2. Ar-rah-maa-nir-ra-heeem* 

3. Maa-li-ki-yaw-mid-deeen* 

4. Iy-yaa-ka-na’-bu-du-wa-iy-yaa-ka-nas-ta-’eeen* 

5. Ih-di-nas-si-raa-tal-mus-ta-qeeem* 

6. Si-raa-tal-la-zee-na-an-’am-ta-’a-lay-him* 

7. Ghay-ril-magh-dhoo-bi-’a-lay-him-wa-ladh-dhaaaalll- 
leeen* 


32|Ruqyah SA - Self Treatment for Patients 



Aayatul Kursi 


^)ly^ ^ «S>?\ 


^ p ^ 


pfejLLi- lj«3 pfejJo\(_^0 LijaJou djiLj^l\BJs^Lfc ^LjLciJ (_£0JWi Ch® (^>^ (3 


^ f, *99 ^yf* * 9 *99 

^Jj OVjLlJiJ\ ^^3 £-Li IXj *iB Ot? O^-^S *^J 


^ ^ 9 ^ ^ 9 ^ «, p 9 ? p p 9 

% ^A«d\£^jLJ\^*3 V^ 5a_jJj 


Bis-mil-laa-hir-rah-maa-nir-ra-heem 

❖ Al-laa-hu-laaa-i-laa-ha-il-laa-hu-wal-hay-yul-qay-yooom* 

❖ Laa-ta’-khu-zu-hu-si-na-tuw-wa-laa-nawm* 

❖ La-hu-maa-fis-sa-maa-waa-ti-wa-maa-fil-ardh* 

❖ Mann-zal-la-zee-yash-fa-u’-’in-da-hu-il-laa-bi-iz-nih* 

❖ Ya’-la-mu-maa-bay-na-ay-deee-him-wa-maa-khal-fa-hum* 
♦♦♦ Wa-laa-yu-hee-too-na-bi-shay-imm-min-’ilm-mi-heee-il- 

laa-bi-maa-shaa’* 

❖ Wa-si-a’-kur-siy-yu-hus-sa-maa-waa-ti-wal-ardh* 

❖ Wa-laa-ya-oo-du-hu-hif-zu-hu-maa-wa-hu-wal-’a-liy-yul- 
’a-zeem* 


33|Ruqyah S A - Self Treatment for Patients 



Suratul Ilchlaas 


dJo\ ■ ■■ j ^ la - <sJ\ a ut cl\ 

0JL)iall £&!<§) 

©0c>-\ \y &di 

Bis-mil-laa-hir-rah-maa-nir-ra-heem 

1. Qul-hu-wal-laa-hu-a-had* 

2. Al-laa-hus-sa-mad* 

3. Lam-ya-lid-wa-lam-yoo-lad* 

4. Wa-lam-ya-kul-la-hu-ku-fu-wan-a-had* 

Suratul Falaq 

dJo\ j* - ■■ j^ C.^ b> * a ht c^\ 

" ^ # 

Bis-mil-laa-hir-rah-maa-nir-ra-heem 

1. Qul-a-’oo-zu-bi-rab-bil-fa-laq* 

2. Minn-shar-ri-maa-kha-laq* 

3. Wa-minn-shar-ri-ghaa-si-qin-i-zaa-wa-qab* 

4. Wa-minn-shar-rinn-naf-faa-saa-ti-fil-’o-qad* 

5. Wa-minn-shar-ri-haa-si-din-i-zaa-ha-sad* 


^ £ * 9 ^ 


OJj <S^ 

jt q^>3©oJL*^ (3 otSliJLll 




<p pIL 9 9 £ 


34|Ruqyah SA - Self Treatment for Patients 



Suratun Naas 


dJo \**j Iffr (jj-** dJjLj 







(iy* 

3A_A^\q-<« @(^lJLj\ j30^P(3 
Bis-mil-laa-hir-rah-maa-nir-ra-heem 


1. Qul-a-’oo-zu-bi-rab-binn-naas* 

2. Ma-li-kinn-naas* 

3. I-laa-hinn-naas* 

4. Minn-shar-ril-was-waa-sil-khann-naas* 

5. Al-la-zee-you-was-we-su-fee-su-doo-rinn-naas* 

6. Mi-nal-jinn-na-ti-wann-naas* 


Surah 7 verse 117 to 122: 

m 6>jC& li osl5 # \ili ^ ii 

© oy^-**± ^ ^ybj 3 \ 

U_i\\j5tii-;6^0f^ £|Sj 


' ’ a ’ - 1 >» * / 

® OSy* 3 y J 


35|Ruqyah SA - Self Treatment for Patients 



❖ Wa aw hay naa i laa moo saa an al qi a’ swaak 

❖ Fa i zaa hi ya tal qa fu maa ya’ fi koon 

❖ Fa wa qa a’l haq qu wa ba twa la maa kaa noo ya’ ma loon 

❖ Fa ghu li boo hu naa li ka wann qa la boo swaa ghi reen 

❖ Wa ul qi yas sa ha ra tu saa ji deen 

❖ Qaa loo aa mann naa bi rab bil a’aaa la meen 

❖ Rab bi moo saa wa haa roon 


Surah 10 verse 81 to 82: 


moA J 6^- 


❖ Fa lamm maa al qaw qaa la moo saa maa ji’ tumm bi his 
sihr 

❖ Inn nal laa ha sa yub ti luh 

❖ Inn nal laa ha laa yus li hu a ma lal muf si deen 

❖ Wa yu hiq qul laa hul haq qa bi ka li maa ti hee wa low ka 
ri hal muj ri moon 


36|Ruqyah SA - Self Treatment for Patients 




Surah 20 verse 68 to 70: 


1lj« >—aJtlj lj« (J^\ j-'S, S) UlLs 


I!*-, " 

> \ 




❖ Qul naa laa ta khaf, inn na ka ann tal a’ laa 

❖ Wa al qi maa fee ya mee ni ka tal qaf maa swa na o’oo 

❖ In na maa swa na o’oo kay du saa hir 

❖ Wa laa yuf li hus saa hi ru hay su a taa 

❖ Fa ul qi yas sa ha ra tu suj ja daa 

❖ Qaa loo aaa mann naa bi rab bi haa roo na wa moo saa 



37|Ruqyah SA - Self Treatment for Patients 



IMPORTANT: DO NOT MISS A SINGLE DAY OF 
TREATMENT, OTHERWISE YOU WILL HAVE TO START 
FROM DAY ONE AGAIN! 

Step Three: After completing your reading, blow hard with a 
spitting motion (three times) on your hands and body and rub your 
whole body starting with your face. Thereafter blow three times on 
your bucket of water and extra items as well. You can now remove 
the Qur’aan sheet from the water, squeeze it out, and burn or bury 
it. 

Step Four: Take out 1.5 to 2 Its of Qur’aanic water from your 25lts, 
warm it and take it with you into the bathroom. Have a normal 
shower first if you like, but make sure that you are clean and in a 
state of whudhu before you start your Qur’aanic bath. 

The method of bathing (from here on all steps will be using the 
Qur’aan water): 

4.1. Start by making niyyah (intention) to perform Ghusl and to 
cleanse yourself of sin, illness, sihr, ayn and jinn. This does not 
have to be a verbal intention. Remember that it is Sunnah to use 
water sparingly, and not to waste. If you use the water 
extravagantly you will not have enough to complete your bath, do 
not also use so little water that the areas you are washing do not 
get wet properly. 

4.2. Wash both the hands up to and including the wrists. 

4.3. Gargle your mouth with Qur’aan water and put into both 
nostrils. 


38|Ruqyah SA - Self Treatment for Patients 



4-4- Pour water over every part of the body and that no hairs or 
part of the body is left dry. (It is not disrespect to Qur’aan water as 
that is not our intention and it is for treatment purposes. Many 
times these areas are affected, eg. cases where people can't have 
children or where people are sexually assaulted by jinn, or painful 
periods etc.) 

NOTE: It is not necessary to make whudhu after ghusl before 
making ibadat (salaah, Qur’aan etc.) 

It is best to try and collect the Qur’aanic water you have bathed 
with, and to pour it outside in a clean place. For example you can 
stand in a big dish or bath tub and soak the water with a towel then 
hang the towel outside to dry. 

That completes your Qur’aanic bath. 

Step Five: After completing your Qur’aanic bath apply your olive 
oil to your hair and body. It is not necessary to apply oil to the 
entire body and although you may do so if you desire, focus rather 
on targeting and concentrating on areas where you feel pain or 
other symptoms (pins and needles, burning, etc). Read Surah 
Fatihah seven times whilst massaging in the oil. 

Step Six: Wear some type of a loose fitting dress (kaftan/abaya etc) 
with nothing else on underneath. Light an incense stick and place 
it on the floor in some type of a holder. Stand over the incense stick 
and smoke yourself for three to five minutes. After three to five 
minutes you can switch off the incense and reuse the remainder 
the next day. 


39|Ruqyah SA - Self Treatment for Patients 



Step Seven: If possible, read two rakaats of nafl salaah, if it is after 
esha you may make intention for tahajjud (it is not necessary to 
have slept first). Then make dua asking Allah iSfe for shifaah. 

Steps four to seven (the bathing, oil and incense) should preferably 
be done in the evenings. 

Step Eight: Take your senna leaves, and use your Qur’aanic water 
to make senna tea which you will drink first thing in the morning 
for at least four days in a space of a twelve days (The exact number 
of days should be prescribed by your Raaqi). Pour 500ml of boiling 
Qur’aanic water onto one heaped tablespoon of senna leaves. 
Leave it to stand for about 10 minutes, then strain and drink. 

Remember first thing in the morning on an empty stomach, and 
do not eat for at least 20 to 30 minutes afterwards. 

That completes one day of a twelve day treatment. For the next 12 
days you will repeat the steps in the same way, ie. you will take a 
Qur’aanic bath, use the oil, incense etc, read two rakaats of salaah 
and thereafter make dua everyday for 12 days. If your water gets 
finished you will need to repeat the process of making Qur’aanic 
water as you did the first time. DO NOT TOP THE WATER UP. 
Use the water until its finished, then fill more water in the bucket, 
place another Qur’aan sheet in the water, and read the Ruqyah on 
EVERYTHING again. 

Step Nine: Besides what you drink with the senna leaves, drink 
from the Qur'aanic water morning and evening (drink at least a 
few glasses a day), use it for your tea, cooking etc. Anyone may 
drink from this water. 


40|Ruqyah SA - Self Treatment for Patients 



Step Ten: Sprinkle or spray the water around your home, and if 
necessary your business. Try to spray on walls, ceilings, floors, 
behind furniture, doors and windows, in wardrobes, cupboards, 
bathrooms etc. 

Say "Bismillah" and read Qur’aan when spraying if not possible to 
read then play a Qur’aanic CD. 

When spraying in toilets make sure to close the lid of the pan first. 

Additional notes: 

The number of times the ayaat of the ruqyah are read and the 
number of days you will do treatment are only a guideline. 
Depending on the severity of your case you can increase the 
amount of times the ayaat are read and the amount of days you do 
the treatment for. The aayaat are also not fixed, they can be 
changed or substituted as need be. 

If you have not already had hijaamah (cupping) done, have 
hijaamah done according to the guidelines prescribed in the 
Sunnah. 

Remember that all of this is only a means. The ultimate doer is 
Allah M. Turn your focus and attention to Allah M and beg Him 
for shifaah. Try your best not to miss any salaah on its time. 

You were only affected by sihr, ayn or jinn by the permission of 
Allah, and you will also only be cured through the permission of 
Allah. Genuinely ask Allah M for forgiveness for any sins you may 
have been committing and make a firm resolution to continue 
abstaining from evil and practicing on all the good you are doing. 

41|Ruqyah SA - Self Treatment for Patients 



“Indeed Allah will not change the condition of a people until 
they change what is in themselves.” (Ayah 11 Surah ar Ra’d 13) 

It is also very important to have a positive and optimistic attitude. 
Have hope in Allah and good expectations and Insha Allah, He 
will treat you accordingly. 

Hadhrat Abu Hurairah narrated that Rasulullah if has said, 
"Almighty Allah says, I treat my slave (man) according to his 
expectations from Me, and I am with him when he remembers Me. 
If he remembers Me in his heart, I remember him in My heart; if 
he remembers Me in a gathering, I remember him in a better and 
nobler gathering (i.e. of angels). If he comes closer to Me by one 
span, I go towards him a cubit's length, if he comes towards Me by 
a cubit's length, I go towards him an arm's length, and if he walks 
towards Me, I run unto him." 

Note: There are several points elaborated in this Hadith. The first 
point is that Allah deals with a man according to his expectations 
from Him. One should therefore always be hopeful of the mercy 
and benevolence of Almighty Allah and never be despondent of 
His blessings. 


Certainly, we are extremely sinful and justly deserve punishment 
on account of our evil deeds, yet in no case should we feel 
despondent of the mercy of Allah , as He may perhaps totally 
forgive us. 

Some Ulama have written that the fulfillment of expectations 
promised by Almighty Allah M in the aforesaid Hadith is in its 
42|Ruqyah SA - Self Treatment for Patients 



most general sense. It carries assurance not only in respect of 
forgiveness but also in respect of prayers, health, wealth and safety. 

For instance when a person prays to Allah M and sincerely believes 
that Allah M shall accept his prayer, then his prayer is actually 
accepted, but if he has doubt (that his prayer would not be 
accepted], it is not accepted. Thus, in another Hadith it is stated 
that the prayer of a person is granted so long as he does not say 
that his prayer is not granted. 

The same is true in the case of all blessings relating to health, 
prosperity, etc. 

And finally, remember: 

~ Abu Sa’id and Abu Hurayra 4 ® reported that Rasoolullah §§ said: 

“No fatigue, illness, anxiety, sorrow, harm or sadness afflicts any 
Muslim, even to the extent of a thorn pricking him, without Allah 
wiping out his sins by it.” [Agreed upon] 

May Allah M grant us the understanding. 


43|Ruqyah SA - Self Treatment for Patients 



EVERYDAY PROTECTIONS 


Ensure that you recite the masnoon azkaar, duaas and 
surahs, example roo times 3 rd kalimah, durood shareef roo 
times and istighfaar roo times. Yaseen, surah mulk etc. 
including daily tilaawah of Qur’aan. 

Read kalimah tauheed, the 4 th kalimah, 100 times: 






Laa i laa ha il lal laa hu wah da hoo laa sha ree ka la hu, la hul mul 
ku wa la hul ham du yuh yee wa yu mee tu, wa hu wa a’ laa kul li 

shay in qa deer 


Ensure that you recite 


Bis-mil-laa-hir-rah-maa-nir-ra-heem 


At the following times: 

❖ When eating. This will ensure that the shayaateen do not eat 
with you 

♦♦♦ When closing the windows and doors at night. This will 
ensure that the shayaateen do not spend the night in your 
home. 

♦♦♦ When entering and leaving the toilet. 

♦♦♦ When dressing and undressing. 

♦♦♦ When entering and leaving the home or work place. 


44|Ruqyah S A - Self Treatment for Patients 



AFTER EVERY SALAAH READ AYATUL KURSI. 


Recite Surah Ilchlaas, Surah Falaq and Surah Naas thrice 
each after Fajr and after Maghrib. 


Also recite the following duas 3 times each: 
1. 


A 00’ zu bi ka li maa til laa hit taam maa ti min shar ri maa kha 

laq 



Bis mil laa hil la zee laa ya dhur ru ma a’s mi hi shay un fil ar 
dhi wa laa fis sa maa I wa hu was sa mee u’l a’ leem 


r. 


LaJL*^> 


Has bu nal law hu wa ni’ mal wa keel 
Wa ‘a lal law hi ta wak leal naa 

Allah is sufficient for us and He is the best helper. We put our 

trust in Allah. 


45|Ruqyah SA - Self Treatment for Patients 








r. 


When in bodily pain 

Place the hand on the affected area and, say Bis-millah. 
Thereafter say the following duaa 7 times: 


S’ 

J 




‘A 00 zu bil laa hi wa qud ra ti hee min shar ri maa a ji du wa u 

haa zir u 


I seek protection in Allah and His might from the evil of what I 

feel and fear 


a. 

When in fever or body feels hot 




Bis mil laahil kabeer, a 00 zu bil laa hil azeemi min kulli irkinn 
na’aarew wa min shar ri harrin naar. 


In the name of Allah, The Great. I seek refuge with Allah 

The Magnificent, from the evil of every spurting vein and from 
the evil of the heat of the fire. 


Kindly refer to Hizbul Azam and other authentic lcitaabs for 
more Sunnah duas of cure and protection. 

46|Ruqyah SA - Self Treatment for Patients 





FOR PROTECTION AND CURE AGAINST EVIL EYE: 


1. 




A oo zu bi ka li maa till laa hit taam maa ti min kul li shay taa nin 
wa haam mah wa min kul li ay nin laam mah 


I seek refuge with Allah’s Perfect words from every devil and evil 
soul and from every evil eye 


r. 

V £ - •f'-- i —-_d ^ ~ <Q 1 

A 1 laa hum ma baa rile a’ lai hi, wa az hib a’n hu har ral ay ni wa ba 
ra da haa wa wa sa ba haa 

O Allah, bless him, and remove from him the heat of the eye, its 
hatred and its misery 

3- 

Bis mil laa hi ar qee ka, min kul li shay ’in yu’ zee ka, 
min shar ri kul li naf sin aw ’ ay nin haa si din, 

A 1 laa hu yash fee ka, bis mil laa hi ar qeek 

With the Name of Allah. I recite over you (to cleanse you) from all 
that troubles you, and from every harmful mischief and from the 
evil of the eyes of an envier. Allah will cure you; and with the Name 
of Allah, I recite over you. 


47|Ruqyah SA - Self Treatment for Patients 



Ayn or nazr can afflict one even if the one who caused the ayn does 
not have an evil intention. To cure ayn/nazr take the wudhu 
musta'mal water of the person who made the ayn nazr, and make 
the person afflicted to bath with it. If the one who caused the ayn 
and nazr is not known then usage of above duas together with 
quranic water and oil will be extremely effective inshallah. 

Also, it is important to be proactive and not reactive. Ensure that 
we recite our ayatul kursi and mawizatayn with the intention of 
cleaning and protecting and sihr jin and ayn, before leaving home 

If kids are always having an extra problem recite and blow on them 
if they cannot read for themselves and make them read and blow 
on themselves if they can read and rub the quranic oil onto their 
bodies. 



48|Ruqyah SA - Self Treatment for Patients 




TO DEFEAT YOUR ENEMIES IN YOUR SLEEP: 


Read the following aayah; surah 2 verse 148, 30 to 100 times 


Ay na maa ta koo noo ya’ ti bi ku mull laa hu ja mee aaa. 
In nal laa ha a’ laa kul li shay in qa deer 
“Wherever you may be, Allah will summon you all. Allah is 

Omnipotent” 


Ask Allah to bring into your dreams all the people who are 
harming you and ask Allah M to help you fight them. As soon as 
you see them, kill them by reciting Quran. It does not mean that 
the person who you see in the dream is the one who has done 
things against you. 


THE CURSE PRAYER: 

We recommend that you do 11 rakaat (2 at a time) of salaah after 
Esha. In all rakaats, after Surah Faatihah, in place of the surah, 
recite 100 times per rakaat: Verse 68 of Surah 33: 



Rabb a naa aa tee him dhi’ fay ni mi nal a’ zaa bi; Wal a’n hum 

la’ nan lea bee raa 

O Our Master, give them a double punishment and place a 
great curse upon them 


While reciting, focus on the meaning of the Verse and ask 
Allah M to destroy all the enemies who have wronged you. 

49|Ruqyah SA - Self Treatment for Patients 



VERSES WHICH CANCEL SORCERY 


Magicians do socerecy in different ways, using various items and 
methods. Hereunder are the different symbols used by magicans 
and the verse of quraan which, with the permission of Allah cancel 
that specific sorcery. 

First recite the basic Ruqyah thereafter add the relevant verses 
which pertain to your symptoms. 

Read as many times as possible with the intention of breaking all 
magic, hasad, evil eye, and blow on: 

Water, incense, oil, cosmetics, medication, food etc. 


, » 


> >. , i 






. ■> » s ’t 


fi 


9 9* 9 9 + + 9 ^ m 9 a 9 

.d A At > A d I**- A J ft ,.d A ’ k ftfd _ 4 1 A 


S'. 'Si’iS'v J 


tULfe J \ 


50|Ruqyah SA - Self Treatment for Patients 


db ijpl3 I db ‘—Jj 

Surah Faatihah (7), Surah Baqara - up to Yunfiqoon (2) 

1 <A 3 uUlU y£ U3 uUld, Jiii ^LiJ! jiS U 1^13 
jr^JI ^Jl 3 * 'ij ^ ® fcl3 S3] ^]3 

Ayatul Kursi 

£33® Uj&t lJsaIj ^ I 3U iiUaP Jjh ijl til] ^*3'3 

d-UUft I3LLA3 ® li ^]3aj3 

o_jjl&3 Cs^y* 43 ^jb'bJl 4/ ^4 ]j)l3 ® 

^4 *$ 'Jjl 6] dkl^ 'J)l 6] ® ^Li ^ Jll l^sjt IsAi 

CjjJ >]>&■h 0 ^5" 3^3 ( jp£-l SJJI ^ 3^3 ® ^JL^atdl j* 

aju^. JLi sin J43 ® i i 'J)i 6] siJ4- bbi o] 

(jjjiI OjS' 3 J 3 

id]1^ U JiSL" iJL^ J U JJI3 cdl iiJl ^ uil 
® IjJ^ o^UI Jillj j! ij ® ^>>U, ai5'lyti^ 

ll443 '-l'^ Hd IjJls 

® jil iudl ill jbc3 o ^ 4 id] ^3 lk* Id! -x £I 

dj-i 


3 

7 

11 


11 


51|Ruqyah SA - Self Treatment for Patients 





03 ^1 5] ® \'}\ OU&U l^-j Olj^ljJli iL OliUaJlj 

^jy UjJI Ijjj Cl ® 3jLi«.«. l l u Jjj l^lju I33 IjI 

ijU uUa^w J|5 Uaij-j k —”>5"ljSdl 
JjU (jliali tiL-j 

r 

• ■: i i. '. 

^oi-l 1 ^ •JS' ^jA I^U^ 


® 4JI3idU- ^ Ipju^. U4U- oMjJ Jist- Jp uTjSl li 1%M $J 

5* 

oj^_ ^ ^ny t^ jil&i iibj 
ji^ : 1# ^Tjl di giil if' 5^ dj ^ 

L-U* j£\ U tfj JU: dj IJ^I i ])L $$»$> lliU jijJI 

jji" jj ji ££ rij iLki iii jp ii^ j^i: jirdj 1 ijj ij 

if'Cr? ^ \&jl\J P^flj 

hjlJ dij iJ^t dii ij& y ji •&£ uri^ ^13 liij^y 3 ijs 

Ufij IjujJ; U,ji- diU UCJLfjj *LUI 

Surah Ikhlaas (7) Surah Falaq (7) Surah Naas (7) 


11 

3 


11 

11 

11 

11 

2 


52|Ruqyah SA - Self Treatment for Patients 




PACTS & CONTRACTS 


To break agreements between Jinn and magicians etc. This helps 
in stopping there objectives. 

Surah 9 verse 1 


' ^ 9 9^9 9 \ ^ 9 ^ i ^ 

c^» 5^\3 j 


Ba raa a turn mi nal la hi wa ra soo li hi i lal la zee na a’aa hat 
tumm mi nal mush ri keen 


PADLOCK 


The padlock is done to block your life and prevent you achieving 
things. You will see in your dreams people chasing you, or animals 
or unidentified things chasing you. They never catch you and 
sometimes you can hardly move and feel stiff, sometimes you run 
until you fall or fly away and suddenly wake up. If you face them, 
it will turn into a fight 

Aayah to break this type of sihr : Surah 21 verse 30 


iJLLxskj Li^lJLSiLis lJL> j (ja j*$\ j o\ 

9 9 ^ * a) 9 9 


A wa lam ya ral la zee na lea fa roo ann nas sa maa waa ti wal 
ardh dha kaa na taa rat qan fa fa taq naa hu maa wa ja ‘al naa 
mi nal maa i kul la shay in hay yin a fa laa yu’ mi noon 


53|Ruqyah SA - Self Treatment for Patients 



CANARY 


Is an African pot where they put mixtures for sorcery. The idea is 
to do a work on the person involving many classical ingredients 
like a best of. The verse we use for this sorcery is very general so 
use it whenever you feel there is general sorcery. 

Aayah to break this type of sihr : Surah 25 verse 23 


^ p 9 , ^ 9 ^ ^ s 


Wa qa dim naa i laa maa a’ mi loo min a’ ma lin ; fa ja a’l naa 
hu ha baa amm man soo raa 


KNOTS 

Sorcery with knots is a very general thing: it can attach a man’s 
income, a woman’s womb, a student’s mind, communication in a 
couple. It comes in your dream as snakes, as the sorcerers of 
Pharaoh turned the ropes and sticks into snakes. 

Aayah to break this type of sihr : Surah 20 verse 26 ; 27 ; 28 



Wa yas sir lee am ree, wah lul u’q da tarn mil li saa nee yaf qa 

hoo qaw lee 


54|Ruqyah S A - Self Treatment for Patients 



WATER 


When they put sorcery in water: river, sea, lake, etc. that makes 
your life wasted like water running into the sea, it stops your 
projects as if you are building in the sea and gets your money 
wasted as if you take water in your hands to drink from a river and 
by the time you bring the water to your mouth there will be nearly 
nothing left: in that way you will not manage to enjoy your money 
for various reasons. You will be seeing water in your dreams: river, 
sea, swimming, drowning, crossing water, rain, etc. Aayah to break 
this type of sihr : Surah 26 verse 63 




Fa aw hay naa i laa moo saa a nidh rib bi a’ swaa leal bahr, 
fan fa la qa, fa kaa na kul lu fir qin kat taw dil a’ zweem 


WELL 

When they put sorcery in a well or a deep hole or throw it from a 
high bridge, it is to make your problems deep with no solution, and 
also makes your money loose endlessly as if it is thrown in a well. 
You will be dreaming about falling in a deep hole. Aayah to break 
this type of sihr : Surah 22 verse 31 

S *'' ' 9 9^ 

Wa may yush rile bil laa hi fa lea an na maa lehar ra mi nas sa 
maa i, fa taleh twa fu hut tway ru aw tah wee bi hir ree hu fee 

ma kaa nin saw heeq 




55|Ruqyah SA - Self Treatment for Patients 




FISH 


They put the sorcery in a hook and put the hook in water and wait 
for a fish to come and take it then they release the fish in the water. 
You will then see fish in your dreams and according to what 
happened to your Fish, you will see fresh fish or rotten fish or dried 
fish or grilled fish etc. Some also see sharks because the fish was 
eaten by a shark 

Aayah to break this type of sihr : Surah 37 verses 142 to 144 


(i 


Fal ta qa ma hul hoo tu wa hu wa mu leem ; fa low laa ann na 
hoo lcaa na mi nal mu sab bi heen la la bi sa fee batw ni hee i 
laa yaw mi yub a’ soon 


FIRE 

When they use fire in sorcery, you will feel burnings in your body. 
You can see fire, embers or smoke in your dreams 

Aayah to break this type of sihr : Surah 5 verse 64 

ojiLioi dL i \ 

’0’ l >' 9" 

Kul la maa aw qa du naa ran lil har bi at fa a hal law 
hu wa yas a’w na fil ar dhi fa saa daa ; wal laa hu laa 
yu hib bul muf si deen 


\ a L^s j ^ 




56|Ruqyah SA - Self Treatment for Patients 



TREE 


When they put sorcery in a high place, tree or mountain, it will 
have two effects: first it will envelop you and turn your life into a 
circle instead of progressing forward, so you do many things to 
improve your life and after some time you come back to point zero 
and it repeats the same again and again. The second effect is to lift 
your mind over reality so you will be imagining things, doubting, 
fearing or wondering, and enable to have constructive and 
pragmatic thinking. You will see yourself in dream climbing, flying, 
being in height, in an airplane, going down, falling or slipping. 

Aayah to break this type of sihr : Surah 6 verse 59 



Si 12Js j3 


Wa i’n da hoo ma faa tee hul ghay bi laa ya’ la mu haa il laa hu, wa 
ya’ la mu maa fil bar ri wal bahr, 
wa maa tas qu tu miw wa ra qa tin il laa ya’ la mu haa 


DOG 

Doing sorcery with dog parts, usually hair, gives the person a bad 
character and the person will dream of dogs. Dogs in dream can 
also be the djinns sent by the sorcerer to attack the victim 
Aayah to break this type of sihr : Surah 5 verse 4 

1 Li 3 

Wa maa a’l lam turn mi nal ja waa ri hi mu leal li bee na tu a’l 
li moo na hun na mim maa a’l la ma ku mul laah 



57|Ruqyah SA - Self Treatment for Patients 



GRAVE 


Sorcerers love using symbols related to death. They can just burry 
the sorcery anywhere in a graveyard, or take sand from the 
graveyard to do the sorcery, or find a grave dug in advance and 
burry it inside, and after a day or two someone will be buried there, 
or take the water that washed the dead body, or cut a piece of the 
kafan, or put it inside the kafan, or put it in the mouth of the 
deceased person, or extract dead people to use their bodies, or get 
human parts from the hospitals, it all comes to the symbol of 
death. This sorcery will attract the person to death: he feels tired 
and exhausted even after a night’s sleep, can’t enjoy anything in 
life and can’t think of his future, feels sadness and depression and 
thinks about death. He will see dead People in his dreams: either 
dead people he sees them alive or live people he sees dead, or sees 
himself dead or graves or funerals. Aayah to break this type of sihr : 
Surah 6 verse 122 



A wa man lcaa na may tan fa ah yay naa hu wa ja a’l naa la hu 
noo ray yam shee bi hi finn naa si lea mamm ma sa lu hu fiz 
zwu lu maa ti lay sa bi khaa ri jim min haa 


UNDERWEAR 

This causes serious sexual problem or heavy erotic dreams. 
Aayah to break this type of sihr : Surah 7 verse 22 

pi«11 a b jl- ^ 

Ba dat la hu maa sow aa tu hu maa wa ta fi qaa yakh 
swi faa ni a’ lay hi maa miw wa ra qil jann nah 



58|Ruqyah SA - Self Treatment for Patients 



CLOTHES 


When a lady sees children or babies in her dreams, it means sihr 
was done by her body clothes due to the relation with 
breastfeeding. Sorcery with clothes has also the effect of wrapping 
the person up, as a bad effect sticking on him 

Aayah to break this type of sihr : Surah 7 verse 26 

LsjJJ 





Yaa ba nee aaa da ma qad an zal naa a’ lay kum li baa 
say yu waa ri sow aa ti kum wa ree shaa, wa li baa sut 
taq waa, zaa li lea khayr 


EXCREMENT 

When sorcery is done with excrements or put in the toilet, the 
person becomes repulsing and disliked. He will see excrements, 
dirty water or toilets in his dreams 

Aayah to break this type of sihr : Surah 74 verses 3 to 5 


Wa rab ba ka fa lcab bir ; wa si yaa ba lea fa tah hir 


STATUE 

Add this verse with sacrifice sorcery. 

Aayah to break this type of sihr : Surah 21 verse 98 

6 3> ^ G3> 6 j#£i\ 

Inn na kum wa maa ta’ bu doo na min doo nil laa hi ha 
swa bu ja hann nam an turn la haa waa ri doon 


59|Ruqyah SA - Self Treatment for Patients 



FOOTSTEPS 


They take the dust you walked on then do sihr with it to stop the 
person going forward in his life. He will see cars or vehicles in his 
dreams such as boats or airplane or accidents, or sees himself 
travelling, or animals used for transport as horse, donkey or camel. 

Aayah to break this type of sihr : Surah 38 verse 42 

Ur lcudh bi rij li ka, haa zaa mugh ta sa lumm baa 
ri duw wa sha raab 



SACRIFICE 


The sorcery is done with sacrifices. The person sees meat in his 
dreams or gatherings or sorcerers or rituals or sacrifice animals like 
sheep, bull, birds. Sacrifices can have the effect of capturing the 
soul of the victim so he seems to have lost his personality. 

Aayah to break this type of sihr : Surah 6 verses 162 and 163 


9 

9.9 


CiJ>\ £\3jo3 43 S-O 4b (3 1<®3 (jjLx^3 £-^3 (3*^® O) 


31 (J 3 I 


Qul inn na swa laa ti wa nu su ki wa mah yaa ya wa ma 
maa ti lil laa hi rab bil a’aa la meen ; 

Laa sha ree ka la hu wa bi zaa li ka u mir tu wa a na 
aw wa lul mus li meen 


60|Ruqyah SA - Self Treatment for Patients 





PERIOD BLOOD 


This causes relation, sexual and pregnancy problems and she will 
see blood in her dreams 

Aayah to break this type of sihr : Surah 2 verse 222 


l 9 


S* f 




OijjpaiuJ!*-" s3r3 


Fa i zaa ta twah har na fa’ too hunn na min hay su 
a ma ra ku mul laah ; In nal laa ha yu hib but taw 
waa bee na wa yu hib bul mu ta twah hi reen 


PUBIC HAIR 

This causes serious sexual problem or heavy erotic dreams 
Aayah to break this type of sihr : Surah 86 verses 5 and 6 

if 

Fal yan zur ril inn saa nu mimm ma lchu liq ; 
lchu li qa mim maa in daa fiq 

Surah 66 last verse: 



pi ^ - a*» 


9 ^ oj ^ r ^ p 5 , 

C-30s^©_5 VJL>-3 j 





Wa mar ya mab na ta i’m raa nal la tee ah swa nat 
far ja haa ; Fa na falch naa fee hi mir roo hi naa 
wa swad da qat bi lea li maa ti rab bi haa wa 
ku tu bi hee wa kaa nat mi nal qaa ni tween 


61|Ruqyah SA - Self Treatment for Patients 



BONES 


When the bones of the victim are generally weak or ill or 
paining it is likely that sorcery is done with bones. 


Aayah to break this type of sihr : Surah 36 verses 78 and 79 



„ 7 ^ * p ^9 r * *- s 


^ ^ ✓ 

. / v I • . 


J 




Wa dha ra ba la naa ma sa low wa na si ya lchal qah ; 

qaa la may yuh yil i’ zaa ma wa hi ya ra meem ; 
qul yuh yee hal la zee an sha a haa aw wa la mar rah ; 
wa hu wa bi kul li lchal qin a’ leem 


WRITINGS 

When you see people in your dreams, it means they used writings 
in sorcery; this is actually the only symbol I can’t explain, but that’s 
how I found it. Sihr with writings can also cause study problems or 
administrative problems 

Aayah to break this type of sihr : Surah 2 verse 102 

1— __ 9 

dJol 

Fa ya ta a’l la moo na min hu maa ; maa yu far ri qoo na bi hi 
bay nal mar i wa zaw jih ; Wa maa humm bi dhaar ree na bi 
hi min a ha din il laa bi iz nil laah 



62|Ruqyah SA - Self Treatment for Patients 




PHOTO 


Sorcery with photo alters the personality by provoking ugliness or 
darkness of the face, or angriness or sadness; it can also cause an 
illness affecting the face 

Aayah to break this type of sihr : Surah 7 verse 11 


^ A - 9 9 9 9 9 


, 9 9 


l 9 




Wa la qad lcha laq naa kum sum ma sow war naa kum ; sum 
ma qul naa lil ma laa i lea tis ju doo fa sa ja doo 


PICKED DOLL 

Gives a sensation of being stung or multiple pains in the body 
Aayah to break this type of sihr : Surah 33 verses 10 and 11 


j i Vj juC-i— « O'® ^ J 


j 




Iz jaa 00 kum min faw qi kum wa min as fa la 
minn kum wa iz zaa gha til ab swaa ru wa ba la 
gha til qu loo bul ha naa ji ra wa ta zunn noo na 
bil laa hiz zoo noo naa ; hu naa li kab tu li yal 
mu’ mi noo na wa zul zi loo zil zaa lan sha dee daa 


63|Ruqyah SA - Self Treatment for Patients 



ANIMAL CARCASS / PARTS 


This makes the body to degenerate like a dead corpse causing 
weird and severe illness. Besides, when sorcery is done with rat or 
frog, it makes the person repulsive like those animals that people 
don’t like. Sorcery can also be done with pork to make the person 
totally immoral or taking too much weight. Other animals like 
hippopotamus or elephant can be used to make the person swell 
drastically. 

Aayah to break this type of sihr: Surah 5 verse 3 



lio SB \ j 




9 ~: 


S' ^ P i \ ' 9 \ 

i Uo3 


Hur ri mat a’ lay leu mul may ta tu wad da mu wa lah mul 
khin zee ri wa maa u hil la li ghay ril laa hi bi hi ; wal mun 
kha ni qa tu wal maw qoo za tu wal mu ta rad di ya tu wan na 
tee ha tu wa maa a lea las sa bu u’ il laa maa zale leay turn wa 
maa zu bi ha a’ lan nu su bi wa an tas taq si moo bil az laam ; 

zaa li leum fisq 


DONKEY 


Using donkey hair will make the victim impressively stupid, unable 
to understand or stubborn. He can see donkeys in the dream 
Aayah to break this type of sihr : Surah 62 verse 5 


9 9 






Ma sa lul la zee na hum mi lut taw raa ta sum ma lam yah mi 
loo haa lea ma sa lil hi maa ri yah mi lu as faa ra 


64|Ruqyah SA - Self Treatment for Patients 



REVIVIFICATION 


This verse is to revive a dead personality or a loss of conscience or 
any part of the person that is dead, not responding any more. 
Aayah to break this type of sihr : Surah 30 verses 17-19 


6 j (j^ 









Fa sub haa nal law hi hee na turn soo na wa hee na 
tus bi hoon ; 

Wa la hul ham du fis sa maa waa ti wal ar dhi wa 
a’ shiy yaw wa hee na tuzw hi roon ; 

Yukh ri jul hay ya mi nal may yi ti wa yulch ri jul may 
yi ta mi nal hay yi; Wa yuh yil ar dha ba’ da maw 
ti haa ; Wa ka zaa li ka tulch ra joon 
NOISES, VOICES OR BUZZING 
When hearing sounds in the house or in the ears 

Aayah to break this type of sihr : Surah 20 verse 108 


T * * 9 ' '' 9 9 ^ ^ ^ 


Wa kha sha a’ til asw waa tu lir rah maa ni fa laa tas 
ma u’ il laa ham saa 


65|Ruqyah SA - Self Treatment for Patients 



SPIDER 


When djinn spider is used in sorcery, it holds the brain like an 
octopus and prevents the patient from thinking. He might see a 
spider in his dreams 

Aayah to break this type of sihr: Surah 29 verse 41 

O^L 


* * 

o-f 130 ^ 




o 


I>ji Ju \ £6 o*i\ o\J 


Ma sa lul la zee nat ta kha zoo min doo nil laa hi aw 
li yaa a lea ma sa lil a’n lea boot; it ta leha zat bay ta; 
Wa inn na aw ha nal bu yoo ti la bay tul a’n lea boot; 
Low leaa noo ya’ la moon 


TERMITE 

They put the sihr in an ant or termite house so they all attack it; 
the victim feels pins and needles all over his body. This sorcery can 
also bring hundreds of djinns in the body 

Aayah to break this type of sihr : Surah 34 verse 14 

a 4*f3^° (^ c ' 

f 'f- 9 

t3oL*U>_-« 

Fa lamm maa qa dhay naa a’ lay hil mow ta maa dal la 
hum a’ laa mow ti hee il laa daab ba tul ar dhi 
ta’ leu lu min sa a tah 





66|Ruqyah SA - Self Treatment for Patients 




FORGETFULLNESS 

Aayah to break this type of sihr : Surah 12 verse 42 

Fa ann saa hush shay twaa nu zilc ra rab bi hi fa la bi 
sa fis sij ni bidh a’ si neen 



Aayah to break this type of sihr : Surah 18 verse 24: 

Waz lcur rab ba ka i zaa na see ta wa qul a’ saa ay yah 
di ya ni rab bee li aq ra ba min haa zaa ra sha daa 


KILLING DJINNS AND SORCERERS 


This verse helps to kill djinns and sorcerers 

Surah 55 verses 33-35 

9 0 ^ 9 


9 •*> p 9^ xf— ^ " ^9 til 9 9 ** * ^ 9 * 9^ 

Cy*J± 0^0*^ J ^ I (J QUalio Q3 UuLAj {jo j 


_ ( s> , 9 9 » , 

O \ JryaXAj (J* li- 3 JVi O'* }?\yZ\jS„*S£' 

Yaa ma’ sha ral jin ni wal in si i nis ta twa’ turn ann tan 
fu zoo min aq twaa ris sa maa waa ti wal ar dhi fan fu zoo; 
Laa tan fu zoo na il laa bi sul twaan; 

Fa bi ay yi aa laa i rab bi ku maa tu lcazz zi baan; 

Yur sa lu a’ lay ku maa shu waa zumm min naa riw 
wa nu haa sunn fa laa tann ta swi raan 


67|Ruqyah SA - Self Treatment for Patients 



CHARCOAL 


They use black stuff in sorcery to provoke sadness, dark aspect, and 
people getting a negative perception of you. 

Aayah to break this type of sihr : Surah 3 verse 106 


s_« 




9 9 


Yaw ma tab yadh dhu wu joo huw wa tas wad du 
wu jooh ; Fa am mal la zee nas wad dat wu joo 
hu hum ; a lea far turn ba’ da iy maa ni kum 


FEAR 


Including fears in dream: Surah 106 verse 4 




Wa aa ma na humm min khawf 
PASSIONS 

Following any passion or addiction: cigarette, alcohol, drugs, sex, 
etc. and losing control of his life. 

Aayah to break this type of sihr : Surah 34 verse 54 


, z „ 9 


^ (^03 ^3 


p ^ 9 ^ p 


Wa hee la bay na hum wa bay na maa yash ta hoo 
na lea maa fu i’ la bi ash yaa i himm minn qabl; 
Inn na humm leaa noo fee shale leimm mu reeb 


68|Ruqyah S A - Self Treatment for Patients 



STAR 


They do sihr with stars or tie complicated knots so the person is 
tied in his life, things go reversely, promises are not honoured, 
situation gets extremely complex 


Aayah to break this type of sihr : Surah 5 verse 89 


Laa yu aa khi zu ku mul laa hu bil lagh we fee ay 
maa ni kum ; wa laa kiy yu aa khi zu kum bi maa 
a’q qad tu mul ay maan 


HAIR 

Worries, successive problems, headaches, mental problems. 
Aayah to break this type of sihr : Surah 19 verse 4 

IjJLS O j jaJj 

In nee wa ha nal a’z mu min nee wash ta a’ lar ra’ su shay 
bow wa lam a kum bi du a’aa i ka rab bi sha qiy yaa 



SKIN 

Any skin illness. 

Aayah to break this type of sihr : Surah 16 verse 80 

^J\ IxVj lis u\\3 Ijj \ 3 \'y& \ 

Wa min asw waa fi haa wa aw baa ri haa wa ash a’aa ri haa a 
saa sow wa ma taa a’n i laa heen 


69 | R uqyah S A - Self Treatment for Patients 



DOLL / CUT COLA NUT 


Using a doll in sorcery allows to produce many effects on the body 
of the victim. If you feel those kinds of effects use this symbol. The 
verse refers to the African version of the doll: the cola nut. 

Aayah to break this type of sihr : Surah 6 verse 95 



In nal laa ha faa li qul hab bi wann na waa ; 
yukh ri jul hay ya mi nal may yi ti wa mulch ri jul may 
yi ti mi nal hayy 


BLOOD 

Using blood in sorcery provokes blood problems like diabetes or 
blood pressure or cholesterol and abnormal health problems 
Aayah to break this type of sihr : Surah 5 verse 3 



Hur ri mat a’ lay leu mul may ta tu wad da mu wa lah mul 
lchin zee ri wa maa u hil la li ghay ril laa hi bi hi 


CHILLY PEPPER 

This makes the victim burning like hot chilly and very irritable. 
Aayah to break this type of sihr : Surah 56 verses 52 to 54 


9 




La aa lei loo na minn sha ja ra tiz zaq qoom ; 

Fa maa li 00 na min hal bu toon ; 

Fa shaa ri boo na a’ lay hi mi nal ha meem 


70 | R uqyah S A - Self Treatment for Patients 



COLD 


Cold sensation in the body or part of it. 

Aayah to break this type of sihr : Surah 76 verse 13 

ss ^ ^ 

\ l ; *> O-Sjrd 

Laa ya row na fee haa sham sow wa laa zam ha ree raaa 


ANGER 

Abnormal anger: Surah 42 verse 37 


Wa i zaa maa gha di bu hum yagh fi roon 


MENTAL WEAKNESS 


Difficulty to concentrate, think or decide, loss of confidence. 
Aayah to break this type of sihr : Surah 38 verse 20 




Wa sha dad naa mul lea hoo wa aa tay naa hul hik ma 
ta wa fasw lal khi twaab 


EYE ILLNESS 

Aayah to break this type of sihr : Surah 50 verse 22 

c-l il '~.C » 

Fa ka shaf naa a’n lea ghi twaa a lea 
Fa ba swa ru leal yaw ma ha deed 


(fi 9 ■" * 

OoOs^. 


71|Ruqyah SA - Self Treatment for Patients 



MADNESS 

Loosing mental capacities on different degrees, seeing crazy 
people in dreams 

Aayah to break this type of sihr : Surah 2 verse 275 



A 1 la zee na ya’ ku loo nar ri baa laa ya qoo moo na il 
laa lea maa ya qoo mul la zee ya ta lchab ba tu hush 
shay twaa nu mi nal mass 


STERILITY AND SEXUAL WEAKNESS 


Aayah to break this type of sihr : Surah 51 verses 47 to 49 


6->jS jo 0^1 j UiiaJ. 


Was sa maa a ban nay naa haa bi ay diw wa inn naa la 
moo si o’oon ; Wal ar dha fa rash naa haa fa ni’ mal 
maa hi doon ; Wa min kul li shay in kha laq naa 
zaw jay ni la a’l la kum ta zak lea roon 


PRESENCE IN THE HOUSE 

Surah 27 verse 52 


1 >_jJo^U»XS 


Fa til lea bu yoo tu hum lehaa wi ya tamm 
bi maa zwa la moo 


72|Ruqyah SA - Self Treatment for Patients 



Ruqyah South Africa 

For a list of Ruqaa affiliated to us visit: 

Email: 

Website: 

Twitter: 

Instagram: 

Facebook: 

Telegram: 

Ruqyah SA Call Centre: +27 79 565 8013 

What's app: +27 79 565 8013 

For H appointments and what's app broadcast messages 
save the above number and send "subscribe" with your 
name, surname and area. 

In the event of any complaints or queries regarding treatment 
practices, exorbitant charges by any Raaqi affiliated to Ruqyah 
South Africa kindly send an email. 

All correspondence will be treated seriously and confidentially. 


info@mqyah.org.za 

www.ruqyah.org.za 
@RuqyahSA 
@ruqyahsa 
www.facebook.com/ruqyahsouthafrica 
@ruqyahsouthafrica 



73|Ruqyah SA - Self Treatment for Patients 





